

Make sure Rogers is at this meeting.

 

this goes back to my question on the portfolio. We cannot serve these customers from the get go as effectively as the incumbent portfolios so we are going to have to make the decision somewhere that we want the load and that we will need some 'loss-leaders'. I am working on this for our own deals and this will be reflected in our curves.

I have not heard anything more on the deals lost since the last report showing we were pretty competitive. If they have a problem with the curves I would like to hear it directly. I have a meeting with Janet next week and I will go over this issue and the Ader issue then.



 
Cc:	Curry, Mike

We are losing lots of deals in ERCOT on price.  This is part of the reason they are being so aggressive with customers and alternative suppliers.   I have received this feedback directly from Rogers and Janet.

 
Cc:	Curry, Mike

thanks for the info. 

Until we straighten this out internally we will just look ridiculous in front of the customer. Once again, this is an obvious wholesale product. I am happy to compete on price, the question is how much damage does this do externally.

Doug

 

Looks like Ader & Co. at work in ERCOT.   I view this as a big problem.   These customers need to be covered by wholesale.   Both of you should take this as a slap in the face.

 
Cc:	Presto, Kevin M.; Black, Tamara Jae

Tom,
Will you be available for the following visit?  This is another large group...  In order to keep this from being disruptive, we were thinking of dividing the group into two for two separate overviews.  These overviews should only be 10 minutes in length.  One would be at 11:00 am and the other at 11:15 am.

Let me know if this is a possibility.

Thanks.
Jennifer


Time:		11:00 am
Visitor:		Cities Aggregation Power Project (17 of them)
Enron Host:	Michelle Robichaux, Representative National Energy Sales

Value Prop:	EES is looking to provide electric commodity savings off the PTB for an aggregated load of 70 Texas municipals.

Objectives:	I would like CAPP to leave knowing just how different Enron is from its competitors.  This would include Enron's risk management expertise and size and scope of marketing of gas power and other commodities.

Jennifer Brockwell
Enron Corporate Marketing
1400 Smith Street
Houston, TX 77002
713-345-7358
713-853-6790 fax
