



   

	Enron North America Corp.  		



Yes and no.
I think in many ways he is very similar to us.  This is the lifestyle he has always led since college.  To settle down and lay roots somewhere is something that I know from talking with him pulls at his conscience often, that he wants at many levels....but is unfamiliar and therefore scary for him to consider doing.  

Just like our desire to live that kind of lifestyle...seemingly free, having only enough money to get you to the next destination...is extinguished by our practicality about things like retirement...providing for a family...and having money to do things that require money to do like ski trips, alaska, etc.

I think this just goes to show how difficult it is to make major lifestyle changes that go against years of living and thinking differently.  Not just adapting to new creature comforts but changing one's mindset...which is scary...and difficult.  

More than you bargained for in a response eh? 
We are leaving here at 11ish..the flight leaves at 1pm.  I'll give you a call before we board the plane.
L-mo.







Go ahead, tell me this doesn't make you just a little jealous.





---------------------- Forwarded by Monique Sanchez/HOU/ECT on 05/04/2001
07:34 AM ---------------------------














cc:



well,
for those of you that thought i was sticking around portland....uh, psyche!
just kidding...uh, whoops!

actually, portland was great.  i plan on returning there post-summer to
give it another go...hopefully with more money in the account for those
financial droughts.  unless of course a climbing trip to thailand happens
to come up!!!!!

as for now...stop sending all those letters to portland and just change the
address to minnesota.  as always, cookies and chocolate are always welcome.

PO Box 450, Spruce Road
c/o VOBS
Ely, MN 55731-0450
218-365-5761 office

here i shall reside with the bugs and anything else that'll try to crawl
into my sleeping bag.  i will be here from the 11th of may until the end of
august.  email is still prob'ly the best way to get a hold of me.  by the
time i get there, i'll have a new cell # so you can leave voice mails
anytime, otherwise you can usually leave messages on the office phone.

in case that itch to travel gets to you this summer and you find yourself
in the northwoods with no where to rest your weary head.....always know
that you can stop on by at a moments notice!

so until the next time, be well, smile plenty, and hug someone you  love.

off belay,

david


Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com











<Embedded StdOleLink>