



 


Monique,

Why don't we meet at the Ale House at 3:30 and share a beer or 2?  Can you
do that??

Joseph F. Reid
Accenture
617-454-8636 W
617-515-7679 C




            om                                                                        cc:
            05/21/2001 01:59 PM            





Hey there,
No apologies necessary.  Actually yesterday I was knee deep in strawberry
jam.  I spent a great part of the afternoon tied up with that at home.
Made 12 jars and they go fast...I may do some more canning this weekend.
Friday sounds great....just let me know what time.  Take care and talk to
you soon,
Mo.

    
   



         
   Monique,

   I really wanted to spend some time talking with you this past weekend
   but
   with the bachelor party I was involved with, it was impossible to fit it
   in.  And the fact of the matter is I'm sorry on a number of levels.  The
   most obvious is that I simply enjoy spending time with you...always fun
   and
   you always have intelligent things to say.  At a different level, I
   think
   you have a very level head and are great at giving advice and I value
   you
   what you have to say about relationships, something I don't think I'm
   very
   good at yet.  And finally, and at the deepest level, I want to hear what
   is
   happening in your life and how you are doing?  I know there are things
   going on in your head about career, relationships, etc. and I'd love to
   hear about it and hopefully provide some sort of insight, help.

   You know I have always had a soft spot in my heart for you and in a
   strange
   way I cheer you for your successes and I am sad for you when you are
   troubled...I'll stop there because this just doesn't come across well
   through email.  Maybe we could grab a beer on Friday afternoon like last
   time at the Ale House (I'll be in town).  Let me know if you are
   available,
   respond by email when you can

   Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon,

   joe


   Joseph F. Reid
   Accenture
   617-454-8636 W
   617-515-7679 C

   This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
   privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in
   error,
   please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
   use of the email by you is prohibited.






This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
use of the email by you is prohibited.
