

No.  Have you talked to her?  I have been busy - my usual excuse.  I went to Scottsdale last weekend.  It was great!  What have you been up to?

K.







Now, thats cute!!!

Have you seen Susan Kennedy, lately?

When r u coming back to Chicago, the temps are beginning to rise...
Love, T.



----- Original Message -----












----- Original Message -----



Thought you might enjoy a little humor from some  children who know more
about relationships than some adults.

What do most people do on a date?

Dates are for having fun, and people should use them  to get to know each
other. Even boys have something to say if you listen  long enough.

--Lynette, age 8

On the first date, they just tell each other lies,  and that usually gets
them interested enough to go for a second date. --Martin,  age 10

What would you do if a date was not working  out?

I'd run home and play dead. --Craig, age

When is it okay to kiss someone?

When they're rich. --Pam,age 7

The law says you have to be eighteen, so I wouldn't  want to mess with
that.
--Curt, age

The rules goes like this: If you kiss someone,  then you should marry them
and have kids with them. It's the right thing  to do. --Howard, age 8

How would the world be different if people weren't  married?

There sure would be a lot of kids to explain,  wouldn't there? --Kelvin,
age 8

What is the right age to get married?

No age is good to get married at. You got to be  a fool to get married.
--Freddie, age 6

Is it better to be single or married?

It's better for girls to be single but not for  boys. Boys need someone to
clean up after them.
--Anita, age 9

I don't know which is better, but I'll tell you one  thing, I'm never going
to have sex with my wife. I don't want to be all  grossed out. --Theodore,
age 8

How do you decide who to marry?

You got to find somebody who likes the same  stuff. Like if you like
sports, she should like it that you like sports,  and she should keep the
chips and dip coming. --Alan, age 10

No person really decides before they grow up who  they're going to marry.
God decides it all way before, and you get to find out  later who you're
stuck with. --Kirsten, age 10

How can a stranger tell if two people are  married?

You might have to guess, based on whether they seem  to be yelling at the
same kids. --Derrick, age 8

What do your mom and dad have in  common?

Both don't want any more kids. --Lori, age

How would you make a marriage work?

Tell you wife that she looks pretty even if she looks  like a truck.
--Ricky, age 10











