

I don't think that John Jacobsen should be reviewed in London.  Pulp & paper 
is still an ENA group, even though we have John reporting to you.  I would 
not roll that up under Global Products as it exists today.  We did review him 
in our PRC.  For some reason, HR has confused the issue with the Pulp & Paper 
employees by putting them under Global Products rather than ENA, a step they 
took I believe without any outside direction.  Does this make sense to you?  
--Sally 


   
	
	
		






I need a one page summary for all of your employees before I leave for London 
on Monday, July 10th.  I need this summary and all customer feedback 
delivered to Sue as soon as possible for aggregation.

These are the items I need:

Employee Name

Title

Brief Job Description and Day to Day Responsibilities

Areas of Strengths with Specific Examples

Areas of Improvement with Detailed Strategy and Direction for necessary 
improvement

Accomplishments / Process Improvements Employee made, did, or was part of

What this employee Did / Did not do in the first six months that made your 
life Easier / Harder (Met / Exceeded / Did Not Exceed Expectations)

What you need from each employee in order to help you move your group forward


I really think this should be no greater than one page.  While I am familiar 
with most if not all of these employees, I DO NOT know all of the above 
criteria for everyone.  These are the types of issues I anticipate being 
raised at the larger PRC and I need to make sure that I can answer any 
question raised.

I will sit down with each one of you and discuss each employee page 
individually after the PRC.  I would like to use this page as the PRIMARY 
feedback form for us to deliver to each employee.  This should supplement the 
system feedback form that we have used in the past.  At that time, I plan to 
roll out a group strategy and what is going to be expected from you and your 
groups in order for all of us to accomplish the known goals and objectives of 
our business.  I anticipate having these meetings completed by the end of 
July with feedback beginning around August 1st and finished by August 31st.  
This will give us plenty of time to plan around any issues that arise, 
however I would encourage you to get the feedback completed as soon as 
possible.

Last but by no means least, I would like to thank each and everyone of you 
for all of your hardwork and dedication to our business.  We have had many 
achievements and accomplishments and have taken on many new challenges and 
opportunities.  This is a direct compliment to you and I wanted to say THANK 
YOU!

Have a GREAT Holiday Weekend!

Scott



 








