

OK but you need to fill out the form and get it to Cindy.  If you need help call Cindy.  She can schedule the plane for you and probabley take care of the paper work.

 
Cc:	Stark, Cindy; Hughes, James A.; Jernigan, Steve

Stan,
Per our earlier discussion, this is a request for permission to use of the company's plane so that Jim and I can attend the ceremony below, which will be used to sign an agreement with the utility, pursuant to which they will acquire the Subic and Butangas power assets.  Our team, lead by Steve Jernigan, will work around the clock between now and that date to paper the transaction.  The documentation will still be subject to board approval.  If things go as planned, we could be talking about proceeds in the range of $100 to $110 million at a purchase price that is in excess of 30% higher than our own fair market valuation for the asset.  Earnings results will depend on tax' position vis a vis the booking of deferred US taxes on the transaction.

Thanks, Mariella

 
Cc:	Mahan, Mariella; Gaffud, Miguel; Mendiola, Wilma; Esguerra, Angel

Dear Steve,

The Energy Investors' Forum in New York City appears to be a "by invitation only" affair hosted by CSFB on Nov. 15 and by Citibank on Nov. 16.

Highlights of Nov. 15
Investors' Forum with Philippine DOE Secretary Vince Perez speaking at 3:30 pm in Norse Suite, 18th Floor, Waldorf Astoria
Signing of MOU's (3 to 4 inclusive of the two agreements with Enron) at 5:10 to 5:20 pm--Ed Delfonso (President of PSALM) and Vince Perez (DOE Secretary and also Vice Chair of NPC) are expected to be the signatories on the agreements with Enron; President Arroyo is likely to be in attendance

Highlight of Nov. 16
Investors' lunch hosted by Citibank probably also in Waldorf Astoria but not yet confirmed

While we are still unsure whether or not we will have the agreements ironed out by Monday/Tuesday next week, the Philippine DOE has requested that we submit the names of Enron individuals that should be invited to the events.  We need to have this list immediately, which I will discuss with you shortly.

Best regards,
Manuel