

FYI

 

Dear Jim:

Mr. Chike Okpara and Mr. Reginald Sewell have enthusiastically accepted our offer to work at Enron as Summer Associates/Clerks during Summer 2001.

The Term begins on or about May 14, 2001, and ends on or about August 17, 2001.  Both gentlemen indicated that they might need a few days after school ends on May 11, 2001 and begins again on August 20, 2001.  We indicated that we have some flexibility with respect to the start date and we are waiting to receive information from Mr. Okpara and Mr. Sewell with respect to the dates.

As per our initial discussions, it is my understanding that Enron would like the students to rotate through Enron Broadband Services, Enron Energy Services, and Enron Wholesale Services.  Do you want me to include Enron Global Finance, Enron Transportation Services and Enron Corp. in their rotations?

Depending upon the number of Enron entities participating in the rotations, each student will spend approximately 2-3 weeks in each business unit, if there are five business units.  In the event we only have three business units, each student will spend approximately 4 weeks in each area. 

I will make sure that Mr. Okpara and Mr. Sewell receive a personal introduction to Enron via our orientation process.  Further, I will participate on a weekly basis as a mentor and liaison with each student.  In addition, should we need assignments from Corporate Legal, I will be happy to coordinate the same.

During our program, I envision their duties as follows:

	1.  Provide legal research assistance, including the preparation of legal memorandum and other documents, 
	on various issues;

	2.  Attend meetings and conference calls as required by their respective assignments; and 

	3.  Undertake other legal duties as required by the respective law departments.

I have also spoken to Lisa Falick, Attorney Recruitment Coordinator at Vinson & Elkins.  She will forward to me the Summer Associate/Clerk activities list upon its completion.  

Please advise if you would like for me to take any additional steps.  

Thank you.

Sharon