
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Richey, Cooper\Sent Items
X-Origin: RICHEY-C
X-FileName: cooper richey 6-26-02.PST

hey mara,



um, yeah, i was a bit surprised when you mentioned the 8 year statistic! but i'm not sure what relevance that really has.  it's too bad things are rocky between you and steve, it seems like you've been together forever.  it was a crazy night and i don't know what else to say, hopefully we will stay in touch better as a result?  it's funny to think that i've known you half of my life at this point.  of course, however you want to handle it is fine by me.  well, if you get this while you are in portland or sf, give me a buzz and i'll tell you what i can, otherwise, call or write and let's stay in touch.  good luck shopping for programs.  

cooper


 

Hey Cooper,
  Well, I don't know if you remember, but I'm heading out to Portland for an interview.  Prob little to no chance I'll end up there, but what the hell, I've never been and it can't hurt to visit.  I remember you saying that you knew Brinda's email.  Do you think you could send it to me?  I'll be there the 14th.

Otherwise, don't really know what to say.  I'm pretty much still reeling from what happened.  I meant it when I said that nothing like this has happened in the last 8 years.  Unfortunately, my future with Steve is looking a little rocky right now, but I still don't know what my motivation was (drunkenness never an excuse...) and I've been pretty upset.  I haven't seen Steve yet, and to be honest I don't think now is the time to bring this sort of thing up to him.  I decide where I will move in feb, and I think it's best if steve and I go our own ways amicably, without this mess (yes, feeble excuse).

Anyway, don't mean to bring up all this crap, b/c it's not yours, but we've been friends for a long time and I respect you and like you, and I really don't want you to think that this is a frequent occurence.  I do wish I was a little more sober, not b/c it would've changed much, but I think it might've been better all around.

So, any advice on Portland or SF would be appreciated (one night in each).  Call 646 342 3507 or email.

Later,
Mara