

John some quick thoughts on agenda items for the meeting with PG&E:

1. Status of the mini filter separator installations at PG&E 
interconnect/delivery/receipt points?  Future thoughts/plans for additional 
separator installations.

2. PG&E customer attitudes about potential PCB introduced into their 
equipment.  Any new customers with positive hits of PCBs?

3. Internal sampling activities.  How far have PCB's spread into the PG&E 
system.  (wipe tests results versus liquids collections). A map would be 
nice   depicting this.

4. Transwestern continues to be pretty much dry on mainline and extremely dry 
on the Topock lateral.  Maybe we should have a little presentation showing  
liquids collected in the last year on the mainline and Topock lateral.  Our 
commitment to keeping the PCBs as immobile as possible. 

5. We might consider sharing what we've learned from our PCB modeling study 
with Penn State and what our  future plans are.  Another Tranwestern effort 
to  show our commitment.

John, if we plan on opening up our separator, has a decision been  made to 
decon it or just clean out the hydrocarbon buildup and replace the filters.  
If we do decide to decon our separator and or theirs, we will need to line 
out a contractor to be onsite when we blow down the systems.  Id like to 
discuss possibly not using  Vector for this type of routene activity any 
longer.  There is a company in Farmington, NM (Riley) that can probably do 
the job.  As you know, this decon work is not rocket science and Vector is 
$$$$$$$, although they do a good job. 

Chew on these and if I think of any other additional topics, Ill send them 
your way.....By the way, Earl Chanley is now in Roswell.  FYI in case you 
plan on asking him to attend the meeting........




Larry,
Glad you got this audit out of the way.  I will be needing your agenda items 
for our meeting with PG&E so we can send them to Rod Boschee.  Think it over 
carefully, and let's have all of the items we need to discuss ready to go 
over with them.  Looking forward to seeing you.  Randy and I will fly out 
early on July 24 and maybe we can have some time that afternoon and all day 
July 26 to see some of the facilities we had discussed before.  John

 
Cc: Shafer, John; Kendrick, William; Ryther Jr., Ted

Don, Ill send the environmental audit manual to Ted for the audit.  Thanks 
for your  understanding...




Larry,
Got your message and am sorry that you can not attend.  We will work with Ted 
on getting you a replacement.  Good luck with your meeting.  
See you next time.
Don Bruce

 
Cc: Shafer, John; Kendrick, William; Ladish, Kim

Don, Ive been requested by John Shafer to attend a meeting with one of 
Transwestern's biggest customers during the same time period of the 
consolidated audit  in the Dakotas.  I am requesting that I be relieved from 
the environmental audit responsibility due to the sensitivity and importance 
of the meeting with PG&E.  Your understanding in this will be appreciated.   
---------------------- Forwarded by Larry Campbell/ET&S/Enron on 06/27/2001 
10:45 AM ---------------------------


Larry,
This is a very important meeting with PG&E.  I will be discussing with them 
the schedule to take the ultimate separators down this fall and do some 
testing.  You should be at this meeting.  John

 

John, Ive got a consolidated audit scheduled for that week.  Should I attend 
the PG&E meeting in Flagstaff or do the audit?








On behalf of Randy Rice:

John and Randy have rescheduled their Flagstaff trip to meet with PG&E, on 
Wednesday, July 25th and Thursday, July 26th if needed.  They will be flying 
into Flagstaff in the late PM on Tuesday, July 24th and departing in the PM 
on Thursday, July 26th.  Sarita and I will provide their travel itinerary 
once arranged.

He suggests the meetings be held at the Little America Hotel in Flagstaff,AZ, 
(phone no. 520-779-2741.  Please inform what meeting arrangements need to be 
made for the actual meeting room once your meeting times are arranged with 
PG&E.  Also, Randy asks that you provide agenda items to be addressed during 
the meeting(s).

Thank you,
Kim Ladish
713-345-5863










