

Ramona,

Gosh, something always seems to come up every year that we want to make a change to our existing systems.  Lindy will be back tomorrow and I will discuss this with her.  We are evaluating how we currently administer and market pools.  If we decide to make a change I suspect that it may require a system change, but it is too early to make a decision just yet. I also think that we should think about how to link EOL transactions through the entire contracting process.  I know that NNG is probably a little further on this than we are, but it is reasonable to think we should have this ready for us next year.  

I will continue to ponder this and discuss this with Lindy upon her return tomorrow. 

Thanks, Kim.  

 


Kim or Lindy,
 Does TW have any items or system enhancements, new services that may be implemented in 2002 that we should budget for?
Can you send me a list. I am not sure how this process works. TW Marketing has specific items they need or plan to implement that relate to CAS, or TMS is fact in your budget or our budget?
If you can think of anything, please send me an email by COB Thursday, 8/2/01.
Thanks Ramona
 
Cc:	Carrillo, Alma

Attached is the template to needs to be completed for each project.  

Alma, please set up an hour meeting no later than this Friday to discuss 2002 Captial Projects.  This e-mail distribution will be the invitees.    

Thanks. 

Brad

 

As everyone knows the 2002 budget planning process is in full swing.  We need to aggressively look at capital projects for 2002.  I have attached the Project Profile Template hat has to be completed and developed for each project.  It looks like we have been given the date of August 10th to get any discretionary project that has to have economic analysis done on to Denis Tu and August 16th is the deadline that I have to turn in all IT capital project request to the Program Office.  I think capital has to go to Rod Hayslett around the following week in August.  As you know, it can take several days to work with Denis so if we have discretionary projects those need to get moving quickly.  We also need to look at GISB and FERC and see if we have anything next year which is non-discretionary.

The Rates & Revenue System is well underway and in good shape, but we don't have much time to pull together remaining projects.  If you all have projects that you are thinking about for next year, please complete the attached description of the project and forward to me no later than August 1st so we can discuss and begin the estimating process.  Let me know if you have any questions or we need to get together to discuss.  Thanks. 

 << File: 2002 Capital Profile Template.doc >>   