

Lou--while you were on the lake...

Thanks, Kim.



Cc:	Sawyer, Lisa; Licciardo, Jeanne; Kedwaii, Hasan; Hermanek, Patty

After having several conversations, I found out that TW's daily unsubscribed capacity will not actually match the monthly unsubscribed capacity.  The lowest of the numbers from the posting date to the end of the month will show up as the monthly number (i.e.  If the available capacity is 0 on the last day of the month, "0" will show up as the monthly number for the whole month).  I also found out that for on-line reporting, we can display the actual daily number from TW's CAS system.  EDI will continue to send out the monthly numbers which match the on-line monthly report.  EDI will continue this process until further analysis can be done.

Patty Hermanek will modify the daily report in Model Office and notify everyone when she is done.

	 
				Cc:	Sawyer, Lisa; Licciardo, Jeanne; Kedwaii, Hasan; Hermanek, Patty
	
	In a meeting to discuss a new FERC commission ruling, it was decided that TW needs to post daily unsubscribed capacity information to the web by August 10th.  Since the daily numbers will be the same as the monthly numbers for August through October, we will post the monthly numbers published through the new TW unsubscribed capacity system as if they were daily numbers.  The posting will be for two days in advance.  (i.e. on August 1, we will post numbers for August 3).  Since these will be the same numbers used by EDI, TW's unsubscribed capacity EDI will not need to change at this time.  To do this, TW's new unsubscribed capacity posting must be in production by the 10th.  We will do our best to be ready for testing the daily posting by Monday,  August 5. (Jeanne & Patty - is August 6th doable for testing and August 10th doable for production?)

	This is only a temporary solution until further analysis can be done to design the correct solution.  The permanent solution must be in place before November 1.

	The meeting attendees were:

	Glen Hass
	Toby Kuehl
	Brad Holmes
	TK Lokman
	Ramona Betancourt
	Mary Draemer
	Kim Watson
	Perry Frazier
	Terry Kowalke
	Ranelle Paladino
	Rita Bianchi
