
 Alliant

Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
BX-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - White, Stacey W.\Sent Items
X-Origin: WHITE-S
X-FileName: stacy white 7-15-02.PST

Melissa,

Here are some more to investigate!

Stacey

 

Though LG&E Energy Marketing Inc. ("LEM") has not delivered EPMI notice thereof, the wholesale power trading relationship with LEM should be considered terminated effective December 2, 2001 by reason of an automatic termination provision in Section 4.2 of the 1-22-97 Master Energy Purchase and Sale Agreement between LEM and EPMI.  No further scheduling of trades under that master agreement should occur. 

Though Cargill Alliant LLC is not being served currently, please note that the December 1, 1998 Master Energy Purchase & Sale Agreement with Cargill Alliant LLC terminated effective 12-2-01 by operation of its automatic termination provision.  

The "restore services list" immediately below has now been revised to reflect these automatic terminations.  Please let me know if you have any additional information, questions or comments.  --David

     


 

Though TXU has not delivered EPMI notice thereof, the wholesale power trading relationship with TXU Energy Trading Company should be considered terminated effective December 2, 2001 by reason of an automatic termination provision in Section 4.2 of the 4-1-98 Master Energy Puurchase and Sale Agreement between them and EPMI.  No further scheduling of trades under that master agreement should occur. The "restore services list" below has now been revised to reflect this automatic termination.
Please let me know if you have any additional information, questions or comments.  --David

 << File: 12-21-01 restore services list (1-3-01 update).doc >> 


 
Importance:	High

The attachment reflects updates reviewed this afternoon arising out of additional credit war room files. Please note that the following counterparties should now be considered to have terminated their wholesale power enabling agreements with EPMI, and performance under any transactions with such parties, if any, should cease: 

AES New Energy, 
Cargill Alliant LLC, 
CP&L, 
OG&E, and 
Southern Illinois Power Cooperative.    

Rainbow and Split Rock have indicated that it was not their intention under their previous correspondence to have terminated, though EPMI may ultimately contest this (no right to partial termination).

Please contact me with any questions, or additional information you may obtain.  David Portz (ext 39239)  

 << File: 12-21-01 restore services list (1-3-01 update).doc >> 
