

Our meeting with EIM is set for Monday, October 12th from 9:00 to 10:30.  Ray Bowen has already reviewed the operations budget with Kevin Sweeney - Ray just initiated that meeting himself with Kevin one day last week, spur of the moment.  But that is the only meeting regarding ENW budgets that has taken place.  I have been working with Kent Castleman (EIM's CAO) since last week to arrange our meeting now set for Monday.  

I think that by "agreed plan", McMahon just means that is the amount that at this point EIM is saying they are willing to take.  --Sally 

 

Hi Sally,

When EIM say 'agreed plan' what does that mean? Have they had any conversations with us yet?

Regards


Mark Pickering 
Chief Technology Officer

Enron Net Works, LLC

  _____  


 


Re:  Attachment, here it is again......let me know if you receive attachment this time.

Christina


 

here is the only copy of McMahon's email that I have

Kent

 

here is McMahon's email with the attached file

Kent

 
Cc:	Castleman, Kent


I had a discussion with Michael about allocations and the London office I would like to discuss with you.  

regards
bruce
 



 
Cc:	Castleman, Kent; Bowen Jr., Raymond; Brown, Michael - COO London; Buy, Rick; Causey, Richard; Delainey, David; Derrick Jr., James; Dietrich, Janet; Fallon, Jim; Fastow, Andrew; Frevert, Mark; Glisan, Ben; Haedicke, Mark E.; Horton, Stanley; Hughes, James A.; Kean, Steven J.; Kitchen, Louise; Koenig, Mark; Lavorato, John; Lay, Kenneth; Mcconnell, Mike; McMahon, Jeffrey; Shankman, Jeffrey A.; Sherriff, John; Whalley, Greg


Attached please find the corporate allocations for the 2002 fiscal year that EIM will accept.  After unsuccessfully attempting to get some justification for the PROPOSED allocations from many of the various corporate groups, we have had to make a determination ourselves as to what we believe are reasonable charges for the value received from these groups.  This determination was based on several factors including, 2001 actual allocations, expected services provided to EIM, redundant services provided by other groups that are also performed at EIM, etc.

The attached charges are acceptable to EIM and will be used in the budget presentation to the office of the chair unless the allocating groups can come to an agreement with Kent Castleman of EIM as to a revision of these charges before such meeting.

 << File: Allocations to EIM 2002 Plan v2.xls >> 

Jeffrey McMahon and Ray Bowen

