

This is an issue we have long struggled with.  We have conducted several 
comprehensive reviews in the past and on an ongoing basis we go through a 
resource allocation process which enables subjective criteria to be 
considered in the prioritization and resource allocation process.  I think 
the project is a good idea.  Your sources would be John, Jim Steffes, and 
Rick Shapiro (for the RCR, or resource commitment process).







Dear Steve, Jim, and Rick:
I just wanted to give you a quick update on my situation at Rice and to
inquire as to a future project with your group at Enron.

First, I apologize for my prolonged recent absences. I have had two
long-standing academic projects: one was due 4/19 (it was on "final review"
- a paper about corporate political strategy - and just was accepted for
publication at our top academic journal) and another is due 5/31. The 5/31
paper was commissioned long ago but is a key paper in a June conference
(topic is methods to study corporate political activities and the public
affairs function). In order to get it done properly, I need to forego any
work at Enron until later in the month.

A project of interest to me at Enron - and I hope one that you also have
interest - is assessing the effectiveness of governmental affairs. John
told me that he conducted such a study for the group last year. One of the
methodological challenges is to calculate the benefits that government
affairs brings - especially in a system where, for example, on the
legislative side, much of the "work" of government affairs is to block
legislation at very early stages. I suspect that govt. affairs needs to
justify its existence for internal budgets at Enron and thus the benefits
of the function are important to quantify. I'd like to review any of the
previous work and make suggestions as necessary.

At some point, let me know how you would like to proceed.

Otherwise, I hope all is well with you all.

Cordially,

Doug







Doug Schuler
Rice University
Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management
P.O. Box 1892
Houston, TX 77251-1892
(713) 285-5472 tel.
(713) 285-5251 fax.




