

How cool is that.




Most of the gifts will be coming from that little department (even the 
fishing reel has the Enron logo on it).  The only thing that is logo-less is 
the saddle, and our developers would like to find someone to tool the Logo on 
it.

K-

 

That reminds me.  There used to be a "gift department" that blessed such 
things.  I don't remember where it is - PR?  I wonder who would know?  






I can't wait to use the "baby Carnahan" things!  It makes me excited just to 
think about it.  And funny you would mention the last name thing because I 
was just thinking about that last night.  The father's name is Dustin Elkins, 
but I doubt they will get married (at least Shayne has not indicated that 
they were).  Kayne reminds me of my niece and nephew's names (Kade and Konner 
Carnahan).  

I just talked to Carlos.  He is already in Colorado and in the process of 
renting a car.  I told him about the gift thing and he does not think it 
would be a problem.  The deal is, that the Indian Chief that Matt Gimble has 
been dealing with was ousted and so Matt, et al. want to give the "new" Chief 
a saddle and maybe a fishing real.  They also want to give the 4 tribal 
counsel and their attorney pen & pencil sets and shirts.

Anyway, Carlos did not think it would be a problem but asked me to double 
check with Andy Edison just in case.

How embarrassing to be stripped of chiefhood!  I'll bet ole' Chief Sitting 
Bull is turning over in his grave!

 

I've got the crib, a playpen, red and blue check bumpers for the crib, a 
never used airplane baby swing you hang on a trees (our trees were too tall), 
perhaps a jogging stroller (don't think we gave it away), and I don't know 
what else.  All have "baby Carnahan" on it.  Will she give the baby her last 
name?  That would be cool.

I met someone (a guy)  named Kayne.  Yes, I know it looks like Kay, but I 
thought it sounded cool.  Kayne Carnahan.  Opps, sounds like a bull rider!

ckm




Remember not to throw away baby stuff!  My oldest daughter, Sara has already 
bought a complete wardrobe for the baby including girl and boy outfits.  I 
guess I had better get on the ball and at least buy a "I Love Granny" bib or 
something!  Ha.

Do you know Carlos' cell phone number?  His normal secretary is out.

K-

 

Thanks, but I'm throwing away junk all weekend.  Neil will be gone....




Lake Woodlands, do you want to come?


 

So where are you kayaking this weekend?

ckm










