

Justin:

What lawyer handles daily financial trading issues?  I need to speak with 
that person about US swap eligibility rules governing US companies, 
specifically, ECTRIC, and who evaluates ECTRIC's counterparties for 
eligibility.  The specific issue has to do with Total as you will see from 
the string of emails attached.  I look forward to hearing from you.  Thanks.

Sara Shackleton
Enron North America Corp.
1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a
Houston, Texas  77002
713-853-5620 (phone)
713-646-3490 (fax)

----- Forwarded by Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT on 05/14/2001 06:22 PM -----


	05/08/2001 02:23 PM
		 
		 		 		 
Sara,

ECTRI is a UK registered company.  As a subsidiary of ENA, which is 
registered under US law, can my trader sleave deals through ECTRI to get 
around the eligibiilty issue.  We are working with Total to get a 
confidentiality agreement signed but it is taking awhile and we will not be 
receiving financial statements to evidence eligibility for another three 
weeks.

thanks
brant



 

Brant
For SFA purposes as they are ulitmately owned by a quoted company on a 
recognised stock exchange then this is sufficient to sign them off.   I don't 
really know whether this makes them an elligible swap participant for the US 
though.
Paul




I am not quite sure I understand.  Does SFA requirements mean you have a 
guaranty, financial statements, or other material that establishes them as an 
eligible derivative customer.  One of our marketers continues to try and 
trade with them and I still don't fully understand how they are open in 
London.  Does meeting SFA requirements establish this customer as an eligible 
counterparty under US statutes?

brant

 
Cc: Jackson, Lee; Shackleton, Sara

Brant
We have passed them for SFA requirements in London so yes they can trade 
through London no problem at all.  (see Regulatory tab in CAS)
Any problems, let me know.
Paul




Paul,

I have a trader that is trying to trade financially with Total International 
Ltd., but we have asked that he not until we can sort our some eligibility 
issues.  Prior to speaking with Ben Hamida at Total last week, we had never 
approached them for financial statements or a guaranty that would establish 
them as elibible contract parties.  I noticed that we have significant 
financial trading with them in London.  How have you established eligibilty?  
My trader is asking, since he cannot trade under ENA with Total, if he can 
sleave deals through London.

Any ideas or insight would be helpful.

thanks
brant





