

T;  please print this and any attachments and file under "Japan -- 
Pre-Employment Testing."  Thanks!


----- Forwarded by Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 06/17/2000 08:37 AM -----


	05/15/2000 03:20 AM
		 

		 		 

John

Our team does not know the answer off hand but we will check and come back in 
a
couple of days.

Regards

Paul Davis





Phil-

I have raised the issue of testing with Michelle Cash, an ENA labor lawyer,
whose comments and queries are set forth below, for your review.  Please
reply to Michelle's specific queries in paragraph 3 of her e-mail.

Paul-

Following your review of the attached e-mail traffic, please provide us
with the Japanese legal perspective on undertaking these types of
activities.  Also, based on your experience, inform us as to how testing of
this nature may be perceived in the Japanese market.

Best regards,

John
----- Forwarded by John Viverito/Corp/Enron on 05/12/2000 11:13 AM -----

                    Michelle

                    05/12/2000                               10:59 AM                                                      Japan(Document link: John
                                         Viverito)




John,

Thanks for including me on the distribution of this -- I received your
voice mail and was glad to be in the loop.

In general, we try to avoid any type of personality/psych testing because
of issues relating to the Americans with Disabilities Act, which prohibits
pre-employment medical testing.  It does apply to US citizens working for
Enron in foreign locations (i.e. extraterritorially).

Before we go forward and do this type of testing, it is useful to ascertain
the purpose/goal of the tests.  Why do they want this information?  Is
there another, less intrusive, way to obtain that information (e.g.,
references from prior employers, etc.)?

As noted below, there may be Japanese labor/employment law issues that
address this type of activity as well.  I suggest that we obtain the
information above as well as the opinion requested below and then determine
how to proceed.

Michelle




                    John

                    05/11/2000                               02:44 PM





Michelle-

Pursuant to my voicemail, I am forwarding the attached e-mail traffic for
your consideration.  I am unsure as to the types of testing contemplated,
but want to ensure that such activities are permitted under Enron's policy.

Your comments on the attached agreement would also be appreciated.

Thanks,

John
----- Forwarded by John Viverito/Corp/Enron on 05/11/2000 02:36 PM -----

                    Phillip

                    EVELOPMENT            
                    05/10/2000
                    05:13 PM





Hi John

  Enron will be using PDI in Tokyo for candidate abilities testing prior to
employment.  The outcome of the testing is a confidential report that comes
to me (as HR) and I then send to the participant(s) in the recruitment
decision making process for their confidential consumption.  PDI have
agreed to me doing this via email, however are seeking some reassurance as
to our use of and maintenance of confidentiality of the final product.  Can
you review the attached and come back to me with your thoughts?  I would
also appreciate a local (Japan) opinion on the legal issues associated with
abilities/psych testing prior to employment (I know you guys shy away from
it in the US although it is quite widely accepted "down under").

Thanks and regards

Phil
---------------------- Forwarded by Phillip -SYDNEY-
Taylor/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 11/05/2000 09:12 ---------------------------










Phil,
With the e-mail transmission (using .pdf files), we'll need you or someone
else in Enron to sign a document similar to the attached letter. Please
read it and let me know if you want to make any changes before we fill in
all the details.

Thanks very much,
Douglas

(See attached file: emailrelease.doc)




