

As you are now aware, the United Way Campaign has now kicked-off and RAC is very much an important part of the efforts and activities that have been and will be taking place.  First of all, Monday morning, each of you should have received a small package of Lego building blocks and a schedule of United Way activities for the week.  The building blocks symbolize Enron's commitment to "Building Houston's Future" with the United Way and the schedule outlines the coming activities that Enron employees will be engaging in to show support for the United Way Agencies and the Houston community.

To highlight this week's activities:

On Wednesday, August 8, many of our RAC colleagues will be participating in the 2001 Enron Days of Caring.  The Enron Corporate Team, of which RAC is a large and important part, will be providing assistance to the Jewish Community Center.  If you have already volunteered to play a role in this activity--thank you.  If you have not had an opportunity to volunteer and would like to, please contact any one of this year's RAC United Way Campaign Coordinators--Cindy Hudler, Rebecca Phillips, Darren Vanek, Shelli Smith, Becky Caudle, Cassandra Schultz or Chip Schneider.

On Friday, August 10, Enron will host an Appreciation Event in Antioch Park which will include a complimentary lunch from Chick-Fil-A and activities to celebrate Enron employee efforts during the week.  Included in this event will be the Building Block Challenge contest featuring managers from around Enron including Dave Gorte and Chip Schneider on the Corporate Team.  Please plan on coming out to join-in the celebration and support our colleagues.

Of course, underlying all of the planned activities is the financial need that the Houston area United Way Agencies have for the Year 2002.  This year has been extraordinary due to the flooding and devastation experienced by the Houston area during Tropical Storm Alison.  In addition to providing their typical day-to-day community services, many United Way Agencies played a crucial role in the recovery effort and still provide support to those affected by the storm.  A contribution to the United Way this year is as important as ever given the extraordinary need.  Remember approximately $0.90 out of every $1.00 go directly to benefit our friends, neighbors and fellow citizens in the Houston area.  I sincerely encourage you to support RAC's objective of 100% participation in this aspect of the Campaign by making a contribution.  Contributions can be made by clicking on the Enron Human Resources website at https://hrglobal.enron.com.

Thanks for your support. 

Best regards,

Rick
