

----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 03/30/2001 11:22 AM -----


	03/29/2001 06:13 PM
		 
		 		 		 


Loretta has just issued the attached ruling requesting the utilities within  
10 days to provide the following:
?
1. All presentations to and minutes of meetings of their respective boards  
of directors relating to the payment or non-payment of dividends by 
respondent  utilities to their respective holding companies from January 1, 
2000 to  present.
2. All presentations to and minutes of meetings of their respective  boards 
of directors relating to the distribution or transfer of funds or other  
assets from the utilities to the holding companies, or vice versa, between 
1996  and the date of this order.
3. All communications between the holding  companies and their respective 
utility subsidiaries relating to the utilities'  payment or non-payment of 
dividends from January 1, 2000 to present.
4. All  communications between the holding companies and their respective 
utility  subsidiaries relating to the distribution or transfer of funds or 
other assets  from the utilities to the holding companies, or vice versa, 
between 1996 and the  date of this order.
5. Edison and PG&E are directed to inform the  Commission when, if it all, 
they retained bankruptcy counsel and/or financial  advisors with insolvency 
expertise during 2000 or 2001, and produce all  presentations to and minutes 
of meetings of their respective boards of directors  relating to the decision 
whether or not to retain bankruptcy counsel during 2000  or 2001.
6. Respondent holding companies are directed to describe, and  produce 
supporting documentary evidence, relating to all current restrictions on  
distributions or transfers of funds or other assets from their subsidiaries 
to  themselves, and from themselves to their respective utility 
subsidiaries.?  Such documentary evidence shall include, but not be limited 
to, all  organizational documents implementing any ring fencing transaction 
and all  presentations to, and minutes of, meetings of their respective 
boards of  directors relating to any ring fencing transaction.
7. Respondent holding  companies are directed to describe, and produce 
supporting documentary evidence,  of any distributions or transfers of funds 
or other assets from themselves to  any subsidiary, including respondent 
utilities, between 1996 and the date of  this order.
8. Respondent utilities are directed to describe all planned or  required 
construction or maintenance, or any other actions that may affect  service 
and/or reliability, that they have eliminated or deferred between  January 1, 
2000 and the date of this order.
9. Respondent holding companies  are directed to produce documentary evidence 
showing whether they have provided  infusions of capital to respondent 
utilities at any time between June 2000 and  the date of this order, and, if 
so, the date, amount, and purpose of such  infusion.
10. Respondent utilities are directed to produce documentary  evidence 
showing whether they made demands on their respective holding companies  to 
infuse needed capital at any time. 
11. Respondent holding companies are  directed to produce copies of all 
credit agreements, debt instruments, and  similar documents that purport to 
limit the ability of their unregulated  subsidiaries (i.e., subsidiaries 
other than respondent utilities) to pay  dividends, or limit the ability of 
respondent holding companies and/or their  unregulated subsidiaries to 
transfer funds or assets to respondent utilities, or  to assume liabilities 
for obligations of respondent  utilities.
 - CPUC01-#93988-v1-A0011038_et_al__Lynch_Ruling__.doc