

---------------------- Forwarded by Matthew Lenhart/HOU/ECT on 09/11/2000 
08:33 AM ---------------------------












































At their annual meeting before the beginning of the football season,
the top southern football programs decided to have Golden phones
installed in each of their respective offices. One day a recruit named
Marcus walked into Jackie Sherrill's Miss. State office and saw his
Golden phone sitting there. "Wow," Marcus exclaimed, "What's that?"
 Jackie responded, "Well son, that's my Golden Phone; it's a direct
line to Heaven. "Wow, that's pretty neat," Marcus responded. "Do
you think I could make a call on that phone?"  "Well yes, but it's
going to cost you about $100. You can make the check out to the
Mississippi State University Football Foundation," replied Jackie.
"That's a lot of money. I don't think I should spend that much.
Thanks anyway," Marcus replied as he left the office.

A few weeks later Marcus took a visit at the campus of Texas
A&M University and went into Coach R. C. Slocum 's office where
again he saw a Golden phone.  "What exactly is that phone for?"
asked Marcus.  Coach Slocum replied, "That's my direct line to
Heaven."   "Do you think I could make a call from that phone?"
asked Marcus.  "Well sure, but it's going to cost you about $200,
and you can make the check out to the Texas A&M University
Foundation." replied Slocum.   "Oh never mind, I don't have that
kind of money. Thanks though."  Marcus shook his head and left
Coach Slocum's office.

The next weekend, Marcus took his official visit to Louisiana State
University campus and made the office of Coach Saban his first stop.
Upon arriving, the first thing Marcus noticed was the Golden phone
on Coach Saban's desk.  Marcus asked if that was a direct line to
Heaven.  When Coach Saban replied that it was, Marcus again asked
if he could make a call using the phone.  "Well sure you can, but it
will cost you 35 cents," replied Saban.  Upon hearing this, Marcus'
eyes got real big and he said, "Really?  Then why did Coach
Sherrill and Coach Slocum tell me it would cost so much more?"
Coach Saban looked up from behind his desk and smiled, saying,
"Because, son, here at LSU, it's a local call."

L S U --- GO TIGERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


