

Sheila:

Can you please forward Rob Manders' fax number?  I don't have an electronic version of the futures agreement to mark so I will need to fax comments.  Thanks.  Sara

 
Cc:	Heard, Marie

Sara,
The contact for Deutsche is Rob Manders (number and e-mail below) and Barbara Russo, who was listed on the form sent to you on 10/9.
Thanks. Sheila	

 


Clara and Kimberly,
I just spoke with Rob at Deutche and suggested that Clara be on the call that is being arranged for next week.
Thanks,
Sheila

 
Cc:	Rob Manders

Dear Sheila,

I left you a voice mail this afternoon with regards to establishing an execution and clearing relationship for exchange traded futures and options. At the request of Shane Dallman and Aaron Armstrong in London, I have quoted rates for all relevant exchange traded products. They have expressed an interest in using Deutsche Bank for their futures trading so that we are arranging to have documentation drafted and sent to Houston as soon as possible.

I have asked one of my colleagues, Rob Manders, to contact you to establish the names of the legal entities that should be on the contracts, and the name and address of the person/people to whom all documentation should be sent. Rob will be coordinating all the documentation and will assure that your operations department is happy with the service that Deutsche Bank will offer. To that end, he has organised a video conference with Kimberley Hopley in London and Jason Fisher in Houston for the week of 8th October.

I hope that these arrangements meet with your approval. Should you have any questions, please feel free to call me on 44 207 547 3486. Equally, you can reach Rob Manders on 44 207 545 2005.

Best Regards,

Kelly McKenney

Phone 020 7547 3486
Fax 020 7545 2327



--

This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-mail is strictly forbidden.
