

For some reason the initial email didn't go through to him--I forwarded it 
separately.  Thanks.  DF


   
	
	
		



Thank you. Did you mean to leave Bill Gang off your distribution list?


   
	
	
		



Per our discussion last week, this is the status on Pueblo.  I think we need 
to establish to our satisfaction the bona fides of Dennis' government 
contracting scheme before we pitch hard to have ENA get into the deal and 
scrub down the numbers on the power plant.  If our govcon gurus (Bill Votaw 
and Bill Gang--both ex military guys working on DOD outsourcing deals for 
Enron Federal Solutions) buy off on it, then I think we brief Stan at that 
point.  You, Stan and Steve will then need to decide the best way to pitch 
ENA to verify the economics and potentially get into the deal.  Either we'd 
have Stan push from the top down or have Kevin and  Steve go directly to the 
ENA deal guys.  More to follow.  
---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 05/26/2000 
01:50 PM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		



I just talked to Tino Monaldo, Dennis Langley's lawyer/project manager for 
the Pueblo project.  I explained Bill and Bill's credentials and concerns and 
Tino suggested that a sit down between Enron and their government contracts 
team might be helpful.  He offered to do it in Houston, probably late next 
week or the following week.  Attending would be Dennis, Tino, and their 
outside lawyers, Jim Slattery and Rick Harrington.  Harrington is the key--he 
is a retired military guy and one of the lead govt. contracts lawyers at my 
old firm in DC.  The would basically put on a dog and pony walking us all 
through their sole source strategy,  including their legal interpretations 
and the allies they have lined up within DOE/DOD.  Bill and Bill--does such a 
meeting sound productive?  If so, should we have outside govt. contracts 
counsel present and if so, who do you suggest?  

On a related note, Tino explained (without me asking or really caring) that 
he was in the middle of a "big drafting project"--revising Dennis' joint 
venture agreement with the Isleta.  I took the opportunity to express my 
concern at how far down the road Dennis is getting on the overall deal, 
including structure issues, without knowing whether Enron is even on board.  
I reminded Tino that GPG has not committed to participating in the pipeline 
or the power plant, and that we have not obtained ENA's agreement to commit 
turbines.   Apparently Dennis believes that if the economics pans out, Enron 
or someone else yet to be identified will magically jump in to the deal with 
money, turbines, etc.   If Enron does eventually decide to get into this 
deal, the agreements and promises that Dennis has already made may need to be 
revisited.   Thanks for your patience on this project.  DF






