

----- Forwarded by Gerald Nemec/HOU/ECT on 03/09/2001 11:29 AM -----


	03/09/2001 07:42 AM
		 
		 		 		 











J. Greg Coulter
Jennings, Strouss & Salmon, P.L.C.
Attorneys at Law
One Renaissance Square
Two North Central Avenue
Phoenix, AZ 85004-2393
Direct Dial:  602.262.5920
Direct Fax:  602.495.2636

Web Site:  www.jsslaw.com






Reply-boundary="----_=_NextPart_002_01C0A89E.CC444820"


----- Original Message -----














Dear Mr. (X) President:

I recently saw a bumper sticker that said, "Thank me, I voted for
Clinton-Gore."  So, I sat down and reflected on that and I am sending my
"Thank you" for what you have done, specifically:

1. Thank you for introducing us to Jennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Monica
Lewinsky, Dolly Kyle Browning, Kathleen Willey, and Juanita Broaddrick.  Did

I leave anyone out?

2. Thank you for teaching my 8 year old about oral sex.  I had really
planned
to wait until he was about 10 or so to discuss it with him, but now he knows

more about it than I did as a senior in high school.

3. Thank you for showing us that sexual harassment in the work place
(especially the White House) and on the job is OK, and all you have to know
is what the meaning of  "IS" is.  It really is great to know that certain
 sexual acts are not sex and one person may have sex while the other one
involved does NOT have sex.  It's so unfortunate to see that the National
Organization of Women (NOW) has lost all credibility for  supporting you
throughout your escapades.

4. Thank you for reintroducing the concept of impeachment to a new
generation
and demonstrating that the ridiculous plot of the movie "Wag The Dog" could
be plausible after all.

5. Thanks for making Jimmy Carter look competent, Gerald Ford look graceful,

Richard Nixon look honest, Lyndon Johnson look truthful, and John Kennedy
look moral.

6. Thank you for the 72  witnesses testifying before the House and Senate
who
have pled the 5th Amendment and 17 witnesses who have fled the country to
avoid testifying about Democrat campaign fund raising.

7. Thank you for the 19 charges, 8 convictions, and 4 imprisonment's for the

Whitewater "mess" and the 55 criminal charges and 32 criminal convictions
(so far) in the other "Clinton" scandals.  No wonder it took you the entire
day of your last day in office to pardon them all.

8. Thanks also for reducing our military by half, "gutting" much of our
foreign policy, and flying all over the world on "vacations" carefully
disguised as necessary trips.  Please give my regards to Hillary, when/if
 you see her.  Tell her I'm working on a "Thank You" letter for her also.

9. Thank you, also, for "finding" millions of dollars of excess tax money. I

really didn't need it in the first place and I can't think of a more well
deserving group of recipients for my hard-earned dollars than jet fuel and
security for all of your globetrotting. I understand you; the family, and
your cronies have logged in more time aboard Air Force One than any other
administration.

10. Thank you for closing so many millions of acres of 'public'  lands
 without the input of the people and governing officials living in  the
states affected.

11.  Thank you for pardoning some 140 citizens who have been  convicted of
breaking the law, some of whom gave you hundreds of thousands of dollars to
your political campaigns.

12. Thank you for an attorney general that saw fit to protect you and your
'constituents' from embarrassment or prosecution.

God bless America and THANK YOU for redefining the integrity and character
of the highest office in the land.

Sincerely,
U.S. Citizen

P.S. Please pass along a special thank you to Al Gore for "inventing' the
Internet and making the distribution of this letter possible.

