

Is this some scam foundation that you have set up so that you can retire 
early... I know how these things work, I've been around the block.

Seriously though, I will be happy to contribute.

-Eric









Hi everyone,

I will be *walking to cure diabetes* on November 5th, and was hoping each of 
you could donate on my behalf.  As is written below, 84% of all donations to 
JDF go directly to diabetes research.  Wouldn't you feel good about giving to 
such an efficient organization and honorable cause?  I'm sure you all need a 
tax write-off too, right? :)  You can use a copy of your canceled check for 
tax purposes.  

Also, if you donate $25 or more, you will get an Enron JDF T-shirt.  Of 
course, donations of any amount will be greatly appreciated.  Feel free to 
forward this message to others who might be interested in donating, as well.

I will be making the rounds next week to get a head start on collecting, so 
please email me if you'd like to contribute and bring a check made payable to 
Juvenile Diabetes Foundation.

Thanks in advance for your participation!
Allison
---------------------- Forwarded by Allison Easton/HOU/EES on 09/13/2000 
03:46 PM ---------------------------


09/08/2000 09:59 PM




It is my sincere honor to once again lead the Enron team in this year's 
Juvenile Diabetes Foundation (JDF) walk scheduled to take place on Sunday, 
November 5, 2000, at the Sam Houston Race Park.  I continue to serve on the 
board of JDF representing Enron and will be Enron's corporate executive for 
this year's fundraising efforts.

As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself.  
Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the 
multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot 
imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease.  Taking 
insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of 
complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it 
they would die.

Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for JDF again this year.  JDF 
is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84% of all money 
raised goes directly to research.  Enron's goal this year is to raise 
$225,000 and we need your help.  Enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5 
years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place!  We need team 
leaders, walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal.  The theme for the 
walk this year is "Knock Out Diabetes" and we would like to have you join us 
for this great event.  The Walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 Enron 
people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it.

If you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader, or if 
you would like to make a pledge, you may call any of the steering committee 
members listed below.  If you are interested in being a team leader, please 
contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included 
in the first important and informative training session taking place this 
week.

Thank you very much for your support.

Mike McConnell

Steering Committee Members:

Blanca Bollom X66091
Rachel Feldt  X57629
Deb Gebhardt X39606
Cathy Phillips X36898
John Walt  X35379
Debbie Yates X35305

   




