

Remi,

Thank you very much for your obvious interest and commitment to doing a high 
quality job in your PRC representative role.  Per your request, I am 
attaching my resume and a brief outline of my contributions during the last 
few months. 

I am currently in my first rotation as an Associate which I  began this past 
summer following graduation from UT with an MBA in Energy Finance.   I am 
assigned to Vince Kaminski's Research Group on the Market Fundamentals Team.  
This team is commonly referred to as the "Weather Group" and is headed by my 
supervisor, Mike Roberts.  We are located on the gas trading floor (32nd) and 
provide direct support to all the gas desks as well as weather derivatives 
trading.

Thanks again for your interest and I am looking forward to meeting you.   
Please let me know if you need any additional information.


Sincerely,

Charlie Weldon










11/22/2000 04:30 PM








Dear all,

I believe that I will be your global PRC Representative on the 12th/13th of 
December.  For those who don't know me, I'm currently VP Trading & Risk 
Management in our S?o Paulo office, dealing with power and gas.  I'm very 
glad to be one of the reps in PRC, despite the work involved, because I truly 
believe that the best assets of our company are its employees.  I want to do 
my best to represent you fairly and actively.

In order to facilitate my task, I would really appreciate that all of you 
forward to me, by email:

1. a list of your accomplishments in year 2000 (should be not more than 10 to 
12 bullet points, telegraphic style)
2. a decently recent resume, that shows your school, previous work experience 
and start date at Enron.
3. a list of all of your rotations at Enron since hired.

4. In addition, I commit to call your supervisor as listed in PEP system to 
discuss your performance

5. I would also like to meet all of you before PRC meetings: I believe that 
you are either based in South America or in Houston (if that was not the 
case, please let me know by email, we'll speak on the phone).  For those 
based in S?o Paulo, call me and visit at our mutual convenience during the 
week of 4 to 8 December.  For those based in Houston, please call Samira (her 
phone is (55) 11 5503 1200) and schedule a half-hour meeting with me on 
Monday December 11, if you are in town.  I will be in Houston and should stay 
in 3AC1439 (or not far from there).  If you are based in Houston but out of 
town the 11th, let me know in advance, I'll speak to you on the phone.

I hope we'll run this process smoothly.  I look forward to meeting all of you,

Remi

