

Excellent!  This a great idea and perfect timing given the kind of things we 
have lately been getting more and more involved in.  I'll strongly encourage 
our guys to attend.  DF  




Shelley Corman
07/11/2000 06:09 PM









































Please plan to attend an in-house training session on an "Introduction to the 
Electric Industry."   Jim Crist, a lecturer with IGT  is preparing a day-long 
seminar customized to our interests and issues.   

Here is my "top 4 list" on why GPG staff need to increase our understanding 
of the electric industry.

First and foremost, gas-fired electric generation is the growth market for 
gas pipelines.  We need to get a sense of why and where generation is being 
built and who the likely customers are.  This involves understanding the 
different between utility generation and merchant plants, the dynamics of 
siting, understanding a little bit about how utilities plan and economically 
justify generation investments.
Second, we need to understand electric utilities as customers.  Who is the 
customer these days -- the generator?  Who should we be dealing with within 
the utility organization.  What types of load patterns should we expect 
various types of electric players?  What types of services do they need?  We 
also need to get a sense of how the timing of their processes 
compare/contrast to our processes on the gas side.
Third, we need to understand the regulatory climate on the electric side and 
the implications for electric generation demand growth.  We need to 
understand the state/federal jurisdictional issues.  We need to learn about 
the debates over ATC, TLR, locational marginal pricing, price caps, and 
control areas.  We need to understand how these issues fit into Enron's 
position in support of restructuring the electric industry, unbundling 
transmission, removing native load exceptions, and avoiding prices caps and 
we need to understand how these debates affect GPG.
 Fourth, we need to understand electric tariffs and practices, services and 
OASIS because the FERC has started to insist on common rules between gas and 
electric.  The recent electric interconnection policy has now been applied on 
the gas side.  FERC is talking about imposing the RTO principles on 
pipelines. And, we hear a lot of comparisons between OASIS and pipeline 
EBBs.  We want to learn how to take advantage of electric best practices 
where it makes sense and on the flip side, know how to argue against the 
imposition of electric rules on our pipelines where there are legitimate 
differences between gas and electric.

I've shared this list of interests with Jim Crist as he prepares a customized 
seminar for us.  Please feel free to email me with any other areas of 
interest for the course.   I will keep you posted on the specific location as 
things progress.  In the meantime, please make sure to save the date!   
Please pass this notice along to others in your organization that may be 
interested.


