

jackasses?  that might not be a word we'd want to use in emails that might, 
shall we say, get into unfriendly hands....




















They did it!  The jackasses changed the hearing date to Sept 12 as of 3
pm today.  A lady from FERC just called me to let me know.

My suggestion is we cancel our scheduled Board meeting, meet prior to
the 12th, and get our story in line.  Another notice will be published
by FERC regarding participation in the Hearing.

gba

Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mozilla-Status2: 00000000

Reply-Organization: Foothill Services
X-Accept-Language: en












x-mac-creator="4D4F5353"

I just copied from the FERC's web page the following notice.  It appears
that FERC will hae a hearing in San Diego, possibly on Friday, Sept 15.
However, an earlier date is equally likely because all four
Commissioners are testifying at a Congressional Hearing in San Diego on
Sept 11.  I guess we need to agendize this for our next meeting, and if
the FERC holds its hearings on Sept 12, we may need to cancel our Board
meeting, and attend this.  I did call the office of External Affairs at
FERC to register WPTF as a speaker.  They were clueless, but promised to
call me back.

gba






                          UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                    FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION



                        NOTICE OF PUBLIC MEETING ON
                        WHOLESALE POWER MARKETS AND
                    TRANSMISSION SERVICES IN CALIFORNIA


                            (September 1, 2000)

          On September 15, 2000, the Federal Energy Regulatory
     Commission is planning to convene a public meeting in San Diego,
     California to allow interested persons to give the Commission
     their views on recent events in California's wholesale markets.
     While the Commission is finalizing arrangements for a meeting on
     September 15th, the Commission may need to change the meeting to
     a different date within the week of September 11th.  A further
     notice will be issued confirming the date.  The meeting is
     scheduled to begin at 9:00 a.m., at the San Diego Concourse, the
     Copper Room, 202 C Street, San Diego, California 92101.  All
     interested persons may attend the meeting.  The meeting will be
     transcribed.  A separate notice will be issued before the
     meeting, setting forth an agenda and identifying the panels of
     participants.   Additional information may be obtained from the
     Office of External Affairs at (202) 208-0870.  Information also
     may be obtained from the Commission's web page at
     www.ferc.fed.us.





                           Linwood A. Watson, Jr.
                              Acting Secretary




