

Be happy to discuss.  My preference would be to have a brief call to discuss, 
since Mr. Filner is on a mission to tan a few hides over the price spikes in 
S.D.  At congressional and FERC hearings in S.D. last week, Mr. Filner called 
generators and marketers quite a few ugly names, fingered them as the cause 
for the high prices, and demanded that Congress and FERC make them give all 
the money back to S.D. consumers.  Fairly sensitive item, to put it mildly.  
I'm at 415.782.7822.

Best,
Jeff


	09/21/2000 10:47 AM
		 
		 		 		 
Gentlemen:

Steve asked that I follow up with you on the inquiry below.  I met with Bob 
Filner, US Representative from San Diego , who had asked that I forward any 
information to him about Enron's management of energy prices.  Could you 
recommend how we can follow up with him.  I am happy to direct him towards 
you.

Thanks for your help,
Michael
----- Forwarded by Michael Kenneally/Enron Communications on 09/21/00 10:40 
AM -----



	09/13/00 07:57 AM
		
		 		 		 
Contact Dave Parquet and Jeff Dasovich in our San Fran. office.  Dave has 
worked on Enron's proposals to San Diego and Jeff has been supporting him 
from a gov't/reg affairs standpoint.




Steve:

Chris Holmes recommended I contact you concerning the attached inquiry.  I 
recently met with a federal representative from San Diego who had asked if I 
could send him any information on Enron's ability to hedge energy prices.  
After a summer of rolling brown outs and soaring prices, he is looking for 
ways to avoid the scenario in the future.

Could you recommend the best avenue for responding to this request?

I appreciate you assistance in this matter.

Regards,
Michael
x 35868
----- Forwarded by Michael Kenneally/Enron Communications on 09/08/00 10:46 
AM -----


	08/16/00 06:46 AM
		
		 		 		 
glad  to hear you are in  a good place-- I suggest you call Steve Kean's 
office, regulatory affairs as they would like the contact with the Cong. 
office-- they will in turn follow-up, .

Best to you and the family. Drop by sometime,. I am in room 1212.

chris



Hello Chris:

I hope you and your family are doing well.  I am sorry to have fallen out of 
touch.

I was thinking of you recently wen speaking with a Congressional 
representative from San Diego.  After a summer of rolling brown outs and  
increasing prices from the utilities, he was searching for an energy 
solution.  Who would be the best contact within EES or ENA to explore the 
possibilities for the city of San Diego?

I look forward to hearing from you.

Best regards,
Michael








