

---------------------- Forwarded by V Charles Weldon/HOU/ECT on 12/11/2000 
08:10 AM ---------------------------



12/08/2000 12:58 PM


---------------------- Forwarded by Vikas Dwivedi/NA/Enron on 12/08/2000 
12:57 PM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		











	

Hi guys,

Please treat this as strictly confidential

Please take action ASAP

As you all know, the Enron Associate 2001 offers haven't been very popular 
among MBAs. Given the fact that December is decisions month and that, given 
the company growth, we cannot afford lose a new breed of highly qualified 
people, the following has been decided:

Present a proposal to Jeff Skilling today in order to improve the current 
offers. The proposal will be presented this afternoon, after two 
Associates-Skilling-HR interactions (in which Skilling expressed more than 
once his concern about Enron offers being so low compared to the market 
...I-Banks, Consulting firms).

Select one alumni per B-School represented in the 2000 Associate Class, you!

Authorize those representatives to send a standard e-mail (text provided 
below) to the candidates who got offers in their respective B-Schools, in 
order to gain some time until the official HR communication (hopefully caring 
good news) is submitted.

The standard e-mail should read EXACTLY as follows (we are not authorized to 
change or add anything):

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

To MBA students considering joining the Enron Associate Program,

I wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that a proposal to change 
the Associate compensation package has recently been presented to Jeff 
Skilling.  A decision concerning the recommended change is expected in the 
next few days.  More information will be provided as soon as possible.  Have 
a nice weekend!

Regards,

Representative Signature

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

We are asking you to the send the e-mail under your name because we want this 
notification to be informal. We have the authorization to do it this way.

In case you are contacted by any candidate, the offical position should be 
consistent with the one in the e-mail: a decision is expected very soon, we 
will let you know asap.

Please bcc me when you send the message, since it is important to keep track 
about which B-School candidates have been notified.

Thanks a lot for your help and quick response,

Roberto Conterno



