

Nice job.  In line with your letter, and in response to Wood's questionnaire about rolling the suspension date back to July 1, don't you think it is absolutely necessary to have hearings in order to establish a record prior to any decision? Wood throws around the $10 billion number in his questionnaire (ruling, whatever), without any substantiation whatsoever.  Shouldn't DWR and its rev. req. be thoroughly scrutinized in the hearing room before making a decision.  Seems logical though 1) logic has prevailed much lately and 2) I'm not a lawyer, so I could be missing the boat completely.

Best,
Jeff



Derek Naten; 'Dominic DiMare'; Barbara R. Barkovich (E-mail); Keith
McCrea (E-mail); Dan L Carroll (E-mail)
Cc: Dasovich, Jeff; Evelyn Elsesser; Loren Kaye


Dorothy -- Attached is a another version of the letter that takes a little
different approach.  What do you think?  I worried that your first letter
looks a little like an invitation to pile on the exit fees, of all types and
in any magnitude.  I think we need to attack the premise that any DA causes
an increase in DWR costs for other customers.  Bill





'Dominic DiMare'
Cc: Dasovich, Jeff; Evelyn Elsesser; Loren Kaye


Wanna sign onto this letter to Loretta? Any suggestions? We could make it a
CEA thing.

(I am copying Jeff D. as a courtesy...I think we need this to be just a
customer deal).

Dot
498-3319


This e-mail is intended solely for use of the individual to whom it is
addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential or
otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  If the reader of
this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent
responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this
communication in error, please immediately notify us by replying to the
original sender of this note.  Thank You.
  