

Glen, 

Are you familiar with this organization?  Do we normally participate?  

Thanks, Kim.


Bear, Jon; Broadhead, Ron; Burns, Morris; Byrom, John; Chase, Robert;
Coll, Chuck; Corbett, John; Cox, George; Creel, Craig; David, Edward;
DeBrine, Earl; Flanagin, Mary; French, Terri; Gallagher, Bob; Gallegos,
Gene; Garlinger, Bob; Gilliland, Richard; Girand, Dan; Gorham, Frank;
Gratton, Patrick; Greer, Al; Guajardo, Ronnie; Hajny, David; Hannifin,
Patrick; Harrington, Gerald; Hart, Korbi; Harvard, Jeff; Hatch, Lloyd;
Heatly, Rosemary; Hegarty, Patrick; Henderson, David; Hope, Sonny;
Kvasnicka, Sally; Lee, Knute; Lee, Robert; McCaw, Bill; Merrion, T.
Greg; Miller, Raye; Moran, Chuck; Murphy, Mark; Nance, Tom; Nearburg,
Mark; Nelson, John; Nibert, Greg; Nichols, Larry; Niederhofer, Joe;
Noskin, Hilary; Olvera, Francisco; Patterson, Nathan; Pearce, Stevan;
Ray, Rhonda; Ritter, Bruce; Rivinoja, Robert; Rogers, Karen; Salisbury,
Jennifer; Silva, Debbie; Sims, Gary; Speer, Stephen; Stowe, Kevin;
Thompson, Paul; Vennerberg, Vaughn; Wagenseller, Sherman; Watson,
Kimberly; Wentz, Christopher; Williams, Rita; Williams, Scott; Willis,
Ray; Woody, Bob; Wrotenbery, Jennifer; Yates, Frank; Yates, George


Dear IPANM Members:

The Board of Directors of IPANM has invited our state legislators to meet
with us. They have scheduled informal luncheons in Santa Fe, Farmington and
Roswell to provide an opportunity to give the legislators an overview of the
industry and to share our views on current issues.

We strongly urge all Directors and any members who would like to attend to
please feel free to do so. If you decide to attend, it will be necessary for
you to contact the appropriate coordinator listed below in order to give
them an accurate headcount and to be assigned a "talking point" for the
meeting.

If you have any questions, please contact Pam in the IPANM office or any
contact listed below.

Santa Fe:
January 8 at 11:30 a.m. in the Gold Room at the Palace Restaurant


Farmington:
January 9 at 11:30 a.m. at the San Juan Country Club (tentative location)


Roswell:
January 11 at 11:30 a.m. in the Calcutta Room of the Roswell Country Club
