
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Richey, Cooper\'Sent Mail
X-Origin: RICHEY-C
X-FileName: cooper richey 6-26-02.PST

this was Tim Heizenrader's take on the error he was having with the smtp server in portland.





The biggest thing here seems to be the issue of the reverse lookups. I don't know if transmitting the subdomain is an actual error on our part, but it's certainly something that can be eliminated by configuration on our server- there's a sendmail.cf parameter specifically dedicated to set your domain identification.
 
Cc:	Dietrich, Dan

In addition, the app I'm using to send messages is still running under NT4.

It may be that the problem rests with Telus up here in Calgary, but it may be 
internal as well.  

In answer to your previous question, no sql dbs are sending these messages out.  
Basically, it's Tim H., Maria Van Houten, and myself.  

Cooper




All:

I started having problems a couple of weeks ago, around the time of our Windows 2000 migration. I worked on this a little yesterday, got past my own problems, and found 3 things:

	1. The command line mailer that I use for programmed email transmissions is blat, and some features weren't working under 2000- upgrading to the latest version fixed this;


Tim

 
Cc:	Heizenrader, Timothy

I'll need a little time to dig on this one. When did the bounced messages start?


 
Cc:	Heizenrader, Timothy

Dan,

Both Portland and Calgary Fundamentals groups use an smtp server located in Houston to 
automatically (with a program) send out messages based on market data.  These messages 
are sent to both internal (enron.com) and external (cellphones, blackberries, etc.) addresses.  

Recently, some (not all) of the external messages have bounced, and Tim Heizenrader and I are
getting a variety of error messages and its not clear exactly what the source of the problem
is (win2k, new firewall procedures, new mail server procedures, errors in sms servers on 
the other end).  Effectively, the problem can be in 4 areas 
	the apps we use to send the messages
	the smtp server
	the enron firewall
	the message recipient servers

As usual, it seems like it may be a combination of these things.

The server we are using to send these messages out is mail.ect.enron.com (which resolves 
to dserve1.ect.enron.com).  Can you tell me if there have been any policy changes regarding
the smtp server (dserve1.ect.enron.com) or the firewall that would affect some but not all external 
messages?  (If so, we need to figure out a way to automatically send messages to external addresses
that is consistent with new policies)

FYI: we have been using this server for over a year and a half, but have never asked anyone 
if we could use it, etc.  

Thanks for your help
Cooper





