

It's so nice to hear from you!

Actually, we're coming this weekend.  We get in around 10:30 on Thursday night and flight out very late on Sunday.  At present we have reservations at the Mayflower Inn, but are debating taking a trip to the San Juan's (possibly overnight - do you have an opinion on that?...i.e. can it be just a day trip).  Discovery Park sounds great....we are both very interested in doing as much outdoors as possible.  To that end, we were thinking about doing some kayaking if you know of any particularly good places.  I really hope we get a chance to meet up while I'm in town...you may want to give me your phone number so we can contact you once we're in town.

Thanks again,
Susan


 

we should definitely get together. so when are yall coming? where are
you staying? i have a lot of suggestions, as i have done the whole
touristy thing here in seattle when i first moved here.

i am betting you are staying downtown or near downtown which is
perfect/. and getting around seattle is easy- you can either take bus,
or if you dont feel like it, you can always take cabs as they are
readily available in the downtown area.

you must see pike place market--- its downtown on the waterfront, where
they have fresh fish, etc/ very neat/

then there is the experience music project, an awesome museum -
literally like nothing you have ever seen before. very interesting.

for outdoor stuff, i would say Discovery Park, which is about a 15
minute drive from downtown.  it is beautiful.

write me and let me know when you and your co worker are coming (as in,
what weekend)--- i hope it is a weekend that i am planning to be here! i
would love to meet up.

let me know
bonnie




Hi Bonnie,

How are you doing?  Lisa said you'd broken your foot recently and have
been stuck on crutches...which I'm guessing is no fun when you're riding
public transportation.  Anyway, I was writing to see if you might have
some suggestions of things to do and places to go while in Seattle.  One
of my co-workers and myself are flying up Thursday for a long weekend in
your fair city and were hoping to get a few pointers.  I hope you're
still enjoying things as much as you were a few months ago.  It looks
like you may have changed jobs already, which I trust is a good thing
for you.  I'm very anxious to see the city and all it has to
offer...there is a part of me that has always thought I'd like to live
in the Pacific Northwest for a while (so this will be a little bit of a
research trip for me).  If you could start thinking of suggestions for
restaurants, bars, outdoor activities, etc. that would be great, and
maybe if you're in town we could get together for a meal or a drink.

Thanks a bunch,
Susan