

I know that there are a number of things that do not work as we had 
anticipated in SAP.  I also know that there are several things where we have 
to change our processes to accomodate differences or gaps in SAP.  We also 
have significant issues with the timing of certain runs within SAP and a 
mismatch of that timing with our business processes.  There was a concerted 
effort kicked off by the SAP team last week to try and identify and resolve 
issues.  They met with my direct reports.  However, we have to reconvene as 
we ran out of time to cover all issues!  I have asked Leslie Reeves and Bryce 
to get back to me on even more detail on this example so that we can fully 
understand how much of this issue was attributable to human versus system.  I 
will get back with you as I know more details and as I can share with you our 
list of first "hits" for SAP fixes or enhancements.  Thanks for sharing this 
with me.  --Sally 


   
	
	
		


Sally,

Are you aware of the problems with SAP?  This error caused an incremental 
$600,000 credit loss to Perry Gas Companies that could have been prevented.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Bill

---------------------- Forwarded by William S Bradford/HOU/ECT on 09/22/2000 
04:02 PM ---------------------------
   


     09/22/2000 03:01 PM	
	
	
	                           
	


FYI-

---------------------- Forwarded by Russell Diamond/HOU/ECT on 09/22/2000 
03:01 PM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		


Russell - as I remember, Willie finaled the Supply Verification and it was 
interfaced to SAP.  This is fine, and then Willie was going to net the A/P 
and A/R.  SAP went down after the statement was interfaced, but before Willie 
was able to block or net the payment.  When SAP came back up the next day, 
the payment had already gone out and we were unable to recall the wire.  If 
you have any further questions about this, call me.  Thanks.


   


     09/22/2000 01:46 PM	
	
	
	                           
	


Willie,

Per our earlier conversation, can you or Audrey or Bryce, please give further 
explain to me as to why the funds were wired to Perry Gas for purchases from 
the counterparty instead on netting the amounts between purchases and sales.  
You mentioned to me the process of overriding the counterparty's that net on 
SAP, although because of timing, the override did not take place.

Thank you,

Russell










