

Rick,

I think that this company falls into your group now.  Sorry about passing the buck.  Would the tax department be responsible for registering a company to do business in a state?  Wouldn't corporate secretary be responsible for registering a company in a state?  Let me know how this turns out for future questions.

Mary

 
Cc:	Cole, Kate; Miller, Peggy; Hrna, Sandra; Russo, Gavin

Point of clarification:  There are several business units that are adamant  in their position against registering for state income/franchise taxes; therefore we are instructed to register for sales/use taxes if we determine the need to do so.  The registering for income and other taxes will be determined and handled by each business unit.  When we do register for sales/use tax, we notify the respective business unit and then they can register for their purposes according to their position.
	-jtm

 
Cc:	Cole, Kate; Moore, Jerry Thomas; Miller, Peggy


Mary - Are we talking regarding Oklahoma Initial business registration booklet?  I do agreed with you that for Arkansas do required to file the initial report and the Annual Report.

Peggy - I have confirmed with Jerry Moore re: Oklahoma Initial Business Registration booklet.  We, Transaction Tax Dept. are only responsible to file the section for Sales/Use Tax.  Each business unit is responsible to file their own report section.

Thanks!
Lynda X30602  

 
Cc:	Cole, Kate; Moore, Jerry Thomas

Lynda,

I've researched the Arkansas request for an intial business registration booklet.  This is a new requirement and it needs to be included with the Annual Report.  

If you have any questions please let me know.

Mary

 
Cc:	Cole, Kate; Moore, Jerry Thomas

Peggy - I have not file any Oklahoma initial business registration booklet before.  I think it's should be handle by Income groups.  I only filed the initial Annual Report form, which asked for name of the Officers and Directors. 

Mary - Could you please check on your side has anyone file the initial business registration booklet in the past. Is it combine with Franchise Tax Return.

ps.- Today, my Department is packing boxes up for the moves to 3AC on Monday.  I will response to all your e-mails on next week because all the files and records are in the box.

Thanks!


 
Cc:	Cole, Kate; Moore, Jerry Thomas

Mary.  I have more information on the status of this entity with the state of Oklahoma.  The State did acknowledge receiving the documents for which you sent the evidence to me yesterday.  However, they indicate that the $15 reinstatement fee was not paid, nor was the initial business registration booklet filed.  We will remain suspended until those documents are filed.  

Lynda - I think that you might be the one who would handle the initial business registration booklet, but I am not sure.  If neither you nor Mary are the appropriate ones to contact about these matters, will you please advise who is.

It would also be a good idea that when those documents are ready to be filed that a copy of the cancelled check, front and back, that accompanied the documents you sent in August be attached with an explanatory cover letter so the state can put all the pieces back together.  If you would like to pass the completed documents through me for filing, I will be happy to take care of getting them to NRAI for filing.
If you believe that these documents have been filed and that we should be in good standing, you may want to contact the State directly at 405 521-3161. 
Please let me know your thoughts on this.