

Peter,

Enron South America has nothing to do with COA.  Enron North America is the 
assignee.  

As for payments, we can state that as of the signing of the agreements, all 
payments have been made.  Sounds ok to me.

Kay











Is Enron South America the assignee for the City of Austin deal?  If so,
I need its place of incorporation and location of its ofices.  As to the
exhibits, I believe most can be copied.  However, at least Exhibit N-3
is deal specific and will list the purchase amount for aech unit for the
calculation of the unit liability amount.  If the November payment has
been made, then the turbines for the City of Austin have been completely
paid for. Should I just put Not Used for Section 6.1.2?


Cc: Kay Mann (E-mail); Pipitone, Paul; Cobb, Chris



Hi Peter,

1. I don't think you need to do anything re Enron South America, as Rob
Taylor is working on that.  Were you asking about ENA? Delaware, 1400
Smith, Houston, 77002.
 2.  I don't know who is preparing all the exhibits, as I'm waiting to
hear
from GE.  Don't most of the exhibits just need to be copied?  Is the
list
you gave me of the exhibits which need to be adapted the right place to
look?
3. No.  The November payment has been made.

You should get the other info by email from Eric Boyt.

Thanks,

Kay












I need the following information to complete the City of Austin Facility
Agreement:

1.         Where is Enron South America incorporated and where are its
offices located?

2.         For the recitals, what is the kW capacity of its plant and
where
is the plant located?

3.         Please confirm that ENA is preparing all exhibits, including
Exhibit N-3 (which is the original price for each unit).

4.         According to the spreadsheet, the City of Austin doesn't make
any payments after November.  I put the amount due in November under the
January 15, 2001 payment date.   Is that correct?

5.         According to the spreadsheet, the Guaranteed Delivery Dates
for
Units 9-11 was 10/30/00.  The Guaranteed Delivery Date for Unit 12 is
11/30/00.  Are these still the dates we are using?

6.         Please provide the serial numbers for Units 9-12 for Section
10.2.1.

7.         Please provide the names, addresses, etc. for Sections 25.1
and
25.3








