

Here's my little bit of info:

GE (S & S) - I've spoken with Lee Johnson (commercial lead) and have traded 
voice mails with Kent Shoemaker regarding the project specific turbine 
contracts.  I'm requesting a meeting with them on Thursday to iron our 
details.    I requested a revised draft this week (from Andrews & Kurth), but 
have not received it yet.

ABB - I've swapped calls with Mike Sandrige (their commercial lead) about it, 
but haven't connected.  The contract is more straight forward, so problems 
are not expected.  Initial draft of the project specific contracts has been 
prepared.

Blue Dog - Is that GE equipment? Sheila may have someone she wants to work on 
it.  If not, I can fit it in since it relates to what I'm working on with the 
GE contracts.

Austin - this is Stuart's project.

Kay





Hi -

We are fast approaching the time when  we will need to assign equipment 
purchase agreements to either the "Developer" in the CSFB structure, to ENA 
(I think) in the Austin deal or, more urgently, to WestLB in connection with 
a deal in which LJM is currently the nominal purchaser.  The LJM deal is 
called "Blue Dog" and ENA has decided it wants those turbines.

Blue Dog-

Lisa has her folks talking to WLB regarding the Blue Dog contract and Rob 
Taylor has contacted Winston & Strawn about a new ADA.   We will need to 
contact GE about the transfer (actually it will be two transfers - one to WLB 
and then into the "Developer" in the CSFB structure).  
Who at ENA legal should I work with  to get that process started?  Both Rob 
and I have the turbine purchase agreement and can get it to the ENA lawyer.   

Austin -

The Austin turbines are the LMs - that purchase agreement contemplates that 
the new buyer will execute another agreement with (GE/S&S) covering the 
turbines it acquires.   Is that structure still contemplated?  Is there 
another way to do this that would be easier from a labor perspective?   I 
assume ENA will then be assigning the equipment on to the project company or 
EPC contractor, also.


CSFB Structure -

More generally we will need to get buy-in from vendors on the assignment of 
the purchase contracts.  Is this an appropriate topic for the the World 
Hunger discussion tomorrow?  Are there other vendors who need to be contacted 
on this also?


Thanks for your help,


Rose




