

I think it would be useful to get in touch with the HR leadership and review what is being done and get their ideas on what they think should be done.  More than anything I want the organization to know who to go to with their ideas and cut down on the noise level and the perception that we aren't doing anything.

 
Cc:	Jones, Robert W.- HR Exec; Pieper, Kalen; Smith, Gary; Barnard, Marla

Steve

I and my fellow HR VP's are volunteering on Monday to spend the first 2 hours of our day checking id's and that security pass pictures match individuals using them before letting them in the building. In fact, I am planning to order some peaked caps and t-shirts with SECURITY emblazened on them today. Robert and I are also going to Best Buy tomorrow to pick up a couple of those hand held metal detector wands to waive around..........................I could go on.

The security stinks, our employees do not feel comforted and we need to do something about it. I am prepared to do it myself!

David
 
Cc:	Gray, Judy; Lopez, Leasa; O'Callaghan, Mickey

Johanna,

These are excellent ideas.   David/Robert, can we incorporate into our overall approach?



 
Johanna Krueger
09/21/2001 10:26 AM

Good Morning Kalen--

Since the attack on America, last week, 9/11/01--Life as we know it will never be the same.  Although, as a nation, ( individuals) we are trying to recover & put the pieces back, we know the journey ahead will be hard ( especially after what Bush discussed last night).  I bring this up for several reasons; as an American & an Enron employee.  After talking w/ Enron employees, about terrorists attacks, possible cell groups in our own back yard--we are fearful--this is an understatement.  However, we know, as employees, the importance of getting back to the work, Enron is paying us to do.  How do we balance the two?  I have some ideas I have shared with Leasa & Judy--I'd like to suggest them to you, as I feel they are steps we can put into place to help our Enron employees feel safe.

1)Let's have an evacuation drill
2) On your floor know where the nearest stairwell (s) are located
3) Someone assigned to a handicapped employee--in the event of an evacuation--this person would ensure they get out safely
4) Update floor/ fire warden--who are they?  Leasa told me that the one on our floor is from 1998

6) Vent/ talk meetings w/ managers over lunch ( see paragraph #2 for explanation)

Also, I do not think it is unreasonable to think some of our employees are suffering from ( or will suffer from) Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome! I propose that managers/ leaders of groups hold a "vent/ talk" meeting--over lunch--where employees can feel free to talk about their concerns, fears, anger etc..--It is so important that we do this.  If not some of the repercussions may be people resigning -for fear of working downtown/ in a high-rise etc...( Judy & I talked about this). 

I feel this is an opportunity for HR to really make a difference/ contribute/ & have a strong impact, in assuring our employees we are taking active measures to ensure their safety & want to address their feelings.    I'd like to know what your thoughts are on this?  If you'd like to discuss the further, I'd welcome the opportunity.

Thank you for your time.

Johanna 






<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>