
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Platter, Phillip\Sent Items
X-Origin: PLATTER-P
X-FileName: phillip platter 6-26-02.PST

I don't know when I'll make it to Houston next.  It's been almost a year since I've been there and that was to interview with someone else.  I like it up here but can't help but feel I may have to return to Houston sometime.  The family is fine. Kids are 8,5 and almost 2.  You can probably picture what our life is like.  Everyone is fine.
If you come up here for a game let me know, also if your son needs anything don't hesitate to ask.  I wish I sould sit in a sports bar with you and watch a game.  Not a lot of people to watch it with up here.  Haven't played golf in a long time.   I like your enthusiam when it comes to the Huskers.  I hope you are right and they decide to bring the wood every game.   I'm supposed to have some tickets through one of the brokers but haven't got them yet.  I bet I get stiffed.  I think $150 should get me in there otherwise but think I's rather watch it on tv for that much jack.  I'll get back with you later.

pp

 



	Your alive, I was beginning to wonder. You are a lucky man to be going to that game. I believe NU can take them if play like they are capable of. Actually I don't 
	think there is anybody that they can't beat if they play up to their capabilities. How are things in Portland. My son Jeff is in Eugene. He wants me to come out for 
	an Oregon game this year. I may try to do that. It is a pain in the ass to get there though. I wish I could make the trip to Big Red country for the Ok game but it is
	pretty unlikely. How is the family? When are you coming to Houston? Stay in touch and let me know how the Oklahoma game was.

	Later

 

Hey!

I am going to Omaha the weekend of this game.  It is one of those games every true husker fan must attend.  Let me know if ya'll may be interested or just drop me a line to let me know that you are still alive.  I think the huskers can beat OU since our D has improved so much.  I worry about the Offense not showing up on every play.
We will need a better pass rush to beat OU.  How good are we this year?  We'll find out at this game.  KSU sucks.  OUT.