

Hi Cindy,

Would it be possible to block some rooms for a couple of weeks while people 
make their reservations?  I'm thinking maybe ten rooms for May 4, 5, and 6, 
out on the 7th?  I would like it best if the individuals could call you 
directly to make the reservation.  How does that work for you?

Thanks,

Kay











Contact: Kay Mann


 


Getaway package May 4, 2001
 

Includes six (6) private signature or premier room. Three healthy gourmet  
meals daily, unlimited fitness classes, activities and discovery programs. 
Spa  services and personal fitness instructions are available a la carte.



Two Nights, Private Accommodations: 

Signature Room $720* per person

Premier Room $820* per person

Three Nights, Private Accommodations:

Signature Room $1,080* per person

Premier Room $1,230* per person
 

*rates do not include 6% tax and 18% service charge and is  
non-commissionable. These rates will only apply to a group of six or more  
people visiting during the dates listed above.
 

Private activities such as boat cruises, hikes, yoga classes or kayak  outing 
are also available at additional charges. 

Deposit:
 

A $500 per person pre-payment is due at the time of  booking. Payments can be 
made by persona, corporate, or cashiers check, Visa,  Mastercard, Discover, 
Diners Club or American Express.
 
Cancellations:

 

Cancellations made 45 days or more in advance will receive  a full refund of 
the pre-payment. Reservations cancelled 44 - 15 days or less  prior to 
arrival will be non-refundable but we will hold the pre-payment amount  for 
up to one year to be used at a later date. Reservations cancelled 14 days or  
less prior to arrival will forfeit the entire pre-payment amount. 

Please review this proposal and call me at  your earliest convenience with 
any questions and/or comments. I will be happy to  help customize a package 
to fit the particular needs of your guests.

Sincerely,

Cindy Viator

Sales/Marketing 



800-847-5637

?

[IMAGE]?
 - lasr.jpg

