

Whatever happened with this?  Also--we need to caution the non-lawyers to be 
careful what they put in E-mails about this incident.




Robert Quick
03/13/2000 09:37 AM


there has been an HSE incident at Redcar in relation to a stockpile of Enron 
coal. We are still awaiting details and I will report as and when more 
information is available. I have discussed this with Michael, and it seems 
that almost certainly we will need to involve outside counsel. The firm that 
springs to mind having both coal and litigation experience is Linklaters. If 
anyone has any thoughts on this perhaps they wd let me know. tks

Robert 
---------------------- Forwarded by Robert Quick/LON/ECT on 13/03/2000 15:35 
---------------------------


John Moran
13/03/2000 15:30




I agree with your comments that we cannot get out of our resposibilities and 
as such were obliged to provide the information.  Not to do so could have 
looked suspicious especially  when it is highly unlikely that their will be 
anything in the analysis document to show our coal to be more problematic 
than anyone else's.  As I said this morning, all fumes from coal fires are 
toxic and prolonged exposure will cause headaches, sickness etc..  This is 
not a function of the coal quality but of the combustion of the coal causing 
toxic gases. Consequently Mark Patten is concerned that Corus are not open to 
criticism for inadequate safety procedures and is trying to protect their own 
position.  Certainly the heating in the stockpile is to an extent due to the 
delay in moving the pile.





Robert Quick
13/03/2000 14:56




George, tks for this. I understand from Scott that the certificate was sent 
anyway this morning. The delivery terms under the confirm provide for site 
delivery so that the coal belongs to Enron. To that extent we cannot evade 
our responsibility. However, if the problems with the stockpile have arisen 
as a result of Mission not taking the coal, then we have an argument to say 
that the issue has been caused by EME not Enron. Let's find out more, and we 
may need to put Mission on notice. tks

Robert  






Scott - please get with Robert Quick on this first.  This does not sound like 
something we want to get involved with.




will dig out and send it over.


   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
	
	13/03/2000 09:49
	





Mark Patten has just phoned me back regarding the hot coal.

One of their shovel drivers apparently felt ill on Friday and it is believed
it was due to fumes being emitted from the pile. He needs a copy of the Cape
Oceania coal quality analysis for health and safety reasons. Could you
please send one up to him. I explained to him that coal contains just about
every element you can think of and the fumes from the pile are toxic, as
from any coal fire, but he feels he needs the information to protect
himself.
















