

I think it needs to be pathed in Unify.  Here's the problem.  I created a sales deal ticket and Kim and I didn't know if the supply just needed to come from imbalance or if I needed to create a one sided exchange ticket.  I have no idea how the ontario desk handled it in the past.  They probably were not consistent any.  Would you path this?
 
Just take you best shot on how to do it.  I think we are going to have quite a few things like this.  I'm trying to figure out how to put in a sales deal ticket for Jan 2002 on Montanna Power which is in the west.




Chrissy, is there something I need to be doing with this?  I've never heard of any of this stuff....
 
Sabra
 


Cc: Concannon, Ruth; Garza, Maria


Phil and I were just looking at some of the invoices created for March activity and I noticed the sale to MidAmerican Energy was not in his stack of invoices to review.  Would you see if we billed MidAmerican for March please?  The deal number is 1199439, the volume is 310,000 dth and the price is $2.47 per dth.  This was gas that the ENA Ontario desk had parked at Dawn.  There are more notes at the bottom of this email.
 
 
 



Good Job!  Please document the sale and the other bids, timing issues, costs, and any other factors that led to or affected the sale.  If you have any questions, please ask.
Ed


Cc: Price, Wade R.; Dickson, Stacy E.; Olinger, Kimberly S.; Polsky, Phil; Boyt, Eric; Richardson, Stacey


Just sold 10,000 MMBtu per day at Dawn to MidAmerican Energy Company at $2.47 for March.  My contact at MidAmerican is Dave Evans (515-281-2698).  Dave said he was using Apr Nymx + $.05 to calculate his price.


Cc: Price, Wade R.; Dickson, Stacy E.; Olinger, Kimberly S.; Polsky, Phil; Boyt, Eric


Update
 
Robin and I are waiting to hear back from all of the following
 
company                                                contact
Reliant Energy Services Inc.                    Sue Cozad  989-687-9246  low probability
Enbridge Gas Services Inc.                      Dan White  403-508-3184  new counterparty - low probability
MidAmerican Energy Company                Dave Evans  515-281-2698  good prospect
CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company    Scott Biscoe  713-230-7286  low probability
 
El Paso      - no interest.
 
Left messages with
Duke Energy Marketing Ltd.                Steve Butler  403-297-9840
TXU Energy???                                    David Jones  
 
 


Cc: Price, Wade R.


The Goods and Services Tax (GST) in Canada is levied on sales of gas at a delivery point in Canada and where the gas will not be exported from Canada. The buyer pays the seller the amount of the  GST which is a per cent of the purchase price.  The seller, in turn, remits the amount of the GST to the appropriate Canadian authority.  In structuring the deal, be sure that you make it clear that the Contract Price does not include the GST.   If the gas it to be exported the buyer needs to notify that the gas is "zero-rated"  so it is not subject to the GST.
 
Wade - Do you know who in settlements is handling GST payments?  I hope we still have someone who can do that.  
 
Please let me know if you have any other questions.
 
Stacy
x3-5705




Do you know the answer to the tax question, or at least who to ask?
 
Thanks,
 
Kay

 
Cc: Fowler, Kulvinder; Schumack, Sherlyn 



Opps.  Didn't mean to hit send it just yet.  Much better now. 

  

Cc:     Fowler, Kulvinder; Schumack, Sherlyn 

Today we discovered that ENA has 310,000 MMBtu parked with The Consumers' Gas Company Ltd. (an affiliate of Enbridge Inc.) at Dawn that needs to be withdrawn by March 31, 2002.    Dan White (403-508-3184) at Enbridge faxed me their confirmation.  According to Dan, this gas was parked in May and June 2001.  Per Enbridge's confirmation, "Customer shall pay Enbridge a fee of $.22 US/MMBtu...prorated over 12 months".  The confirmation makes it clear that March withdrawals are interruptible.  Dan didn't know if ENA has paid the fee but he is letting ENA take this gas for March!!!  So far have not been able to find a deal ticket in Sitara or tagg that applies to this deal. 

Tomorrow, I will get bids from some of the companies ENA has done business with in the past at Dawn.  Before I sell the gas, I will 

        1.  verify the creditworthiness of the company we are selling to 
        2.  make sure the company we are selling to agrees to pay us for the gas and doesn't net this with some other item.

Kay, the point we are selling the gas at is Dawn which is in Canada.  Are there any special tax issues to address? 


Any comments or questions? 


Listed below are some of the companies ENA has done business with at Dawn 

AEP Energy Services, Inc.      
Aquila Canada Corp.    
BP Canada Energy Company       
Cargill Energy Trading Canada, Inc.    
CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company    
CoEnergy Trading Company       
Consumers Energy Company       
Consumers Gas Company Ltd., The
Coral Energy Canada Inc.       
Duke Energy Marketing Limited Partnership      
Duke Energy Trading and Marketing, L.L.C.      
Dynegy Canada Inc.     
Dynegy Canada Marketing and Trade, a division of Dynegy Canada Inc.    
El Paso Merchant Energy, L.P.  
Engage Energy Canada L.P.      
Nexen Marketing
PanCanadian Petroleum Limited  
PG&E Energy Trading, Canada Corporation
PG&E Energy Trading-Gas Corporation    
Phibro Inc.    
Reliant Energy Services, Inc.  
Sempra Energy Trading Corp.    
TXU Energy Trading Canada Limited      
WPS Energy Services, Inc.      

                