

Kari Dohn.  916.324.3501.




	02/12/2001 04:02 PM
		 
		 		 		 
Thanks Jeff - do you have Kari's contact information?

Tom



Cc: Curtis, Michele; Kaufman,Paul; Shapiro,Richard; McCubbin,Sandra; 
Mara,Susan

I think that it would be best for the Chancellor's office to make the 
contact/request, but if you need us to help, then Steve Kean, Rick Shapiro or 
I can make a go of it; but again, I think that it would best for the 
Chancellor's office to make the invite.

Best,
Jeff









Jeff,

Thank you - Kari certainly seems to be an ideal candidate.  Who would the 
appropriate person be from Enron to initiate contact with Kari regarding the 
request?  Once initial contact is made, I can follow up with details.

Tom



Cc: Curtis, Michele; McCubbin,Sandra; Mara,Susan; Shapiro,Richard; 
Mara,Susan; Kaufman,Paul

Hi Tom:

From our contact with the Governor's office, seems that Kari Dohn, formerly 
in the Governor's office, and recently appointed Chair of the Electricity 
Oversight Board, would be the hands-down best candidate.

Best,
Jeff








If any of you have ideas on this, please respond ASAP.  As you may know, I 
sit on the CSU Foundation Board of Governors, accountable to Chancellor 
Reed.  Anything we can do to support the upcoming meeting will go a long way.

Regards, Tom


Importance: High

Greetings Tom, in preparation for our upcoming Board of Governors' meeting,
I would like to ask you for your help in getting a speaker for the evening.
The March 11 (Sunday) Board meeting in Sacramento is focused around CSU
Legislative Day scheduled for Monday, March 12.  The Board meeting is
scheduled to begin at 4:00 pm followed by a dinner.  We will invite the CSU
Trustees to attend the dinner along with other key CSU leaders; we normally
have about 30-40 individuals attend the dinner.

This year, we would like to invite someone from the Governor's office to
come and talk a little about the energy crises in California.  Can you help
us identify someone in Davis' administration that may be interested in
speaking to this distinguished group of individuals?

Again, briefly,
Meeting date/time:  Sunday, March 11, 2001 at 4:00 pm; dinner is scheduled
for 6:45pm; in Sacramento.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Patricia Castillo Linn, CFRE
Senior Director, Advancement Programs
 and Vice President, CSU Foundation
The California State University
Office of the Chancellor
401 Golden Shore, 6th Floor
Long Beach, California 90802-4210
562/951-4821
562/951-4983 FAX


 - winmail.dat << File: winmail.dat >> 




