

----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 02/13/2001 10:50 AM -----


	02/13/2001 08:40 AM
		 

		 		 


2001 08:36:59 -0600 -----
Monday February 12, 4:07 pm Eastern Time
Press Release

Automated Power Exchange Appoints John Yurkanin New Chief Executive Officer

Former CalPX Executive Promises To Be Key Player in Global Power Arena

SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 12, 2001--Automated Power 
Exchangec Inc. (APXc), a leading provider of online markets for the electric 
power industry, today announced that John Yurkanin has joined APX as its new 
president and chief executive officer (CEO). Yurkanin, former chief operating 
officer of the California Power Exchange (CalPX), has two decades of 
experience in the energy industry, including oil, gas, and electric power. 

``I am very pleased to be taking the helm of APX,'' said Yurkanin. ``The APX 
approach - using the Internet to foster open and neutral markets for power 
trading and delivery - is just what the U.S. and international markets of 
today and tomorrow need. APX has assembled an exceptionally talented group of 
people who are developing the leading Internet-based marketplace for the 
electric power industry.'' 

Yurkanin, a career energy industry executive, brings an international, 
multi-commodity perspective to his new role at APX, from his past roles at 
British Petroleum, Louisville Gas and Electric, and most recently CalPX. He 
had served as executive vice president and chief operating officer for the 
CalPX since December 1998 with responsibility for internal operations. This 
included all trading operations, market services, settlement operations, 
marketing, and information technology efforts. 

``APX, as a provider of open markets, is an important part of the resolution 
of California's volatile electricity market, as well as aiding other 
deregulating markets around the globe,'' said Yurkanin. ``This is important 
not only on a regional, but also on a global level, for the lessons being 
learned in California will shape the course of markets around the world. In 
joining APX, I am able to bring my recent public sector experience back into 
the private sector, where I have spent most of my career.'' 

Prior to joining CalPX, Yurkanin served as Louisville Gas and Electric Energy 
Corp.'s (LG&E) senior vice president for marketing and operations in its 
non-regulated businesses with responsibility for operating assets associated 
with the 24-hour power operations and gas control facilities. He also 
directed LG&E's retail marketing, regulatory strategy, and products and 
services development for emerging power and gas markets. 

Yurkanin also was a principal in two energy consulting firms for two years 
after his lengthy tenure with British Petroleum (BP), which extended from 
1981 until 1994. At BP, he advanced through a number of positions associated 
with crude oil trading, and North American and European oil and gas 
marketing. From 1992 to 1994, he served as vice president for BP Gas, with 
responsibilities for the start-up of U.S. commodity marketing and trading 
operations to manage BP's equity production of gas and liquid hydrocarbons. 

Richard Amen, who had served as APX CEO since May 2000, will resume his role 
as managing partner of Venture Management Associates (VMA), which provides 
investment capital and management assistance for rapidly growing technology 
companies. 

Yurkanin earned a master of business administration, with emphasis in finance 
and management, from Xavier University of Ohio, and holds a bachelor of 
science degree in chemistry from the University of Cincinnati. 

About Automated Power Exchange 

Automated Power Exchange operates Internet-based markets for the buying and 
selling of electric power, renewable power, and related products and provides 
the market and scheduling technologies needed to support power system 
administration. A privately held company with approximately 100 employees, 
APX has its world headquarters in Santa Clara, Calif., and its European 
headquarters in London. More information is available at www.apx.com. 



--
Contact: 

     APX
     Lynn Fisher, 408/517-2134

        or
     Hill and Knowlton
     John Grubb, 415/955-2137

