

----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 02/16/2001 09:16 PM -----


	02/16/2001 04:56 PM
		 
		 		 		 
Below is a copy of Governor's press release.  Jan will be responding during
the IEP media tele-conference today at 4pm PST.  Call in number
1-800-374-2393, pass code: Independent Energy Producers.

Thanks,
Jean


-- 
Jean Munoz
McNally Temple Associates, Inc.
916-447-8186
916-447-6326 (fx)



___________
PR01: 057
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
02/16/2001 2:20 pm 


GOVERNOR DAVIS ANNOUNCES
RECOVERY PLAN FOR STATE'S UTILITIES


SACRAMENTO 

Governor Gray Davis today unveiled the framework of a recovery plan for the
California's investor-owned utilities that includes the purchase of their
power lines and targeted revenue from the existing rate structure to help
pay their back debt.

"Today we have begun serious negotiations with the utilities on a balanced
recovery plan," said Governor Davis. "This is a balanced business
transaction. It provides real benefits of real value to consumers and allows
the utilities to get back on their feet."

Elements of the plan include:


*    State purchase of the transmission grid owned by the state's three
investor-owned utilities;
*    Benefits to ratepayers and taxpayers including:



1.    A significant contribution by the parent companies to their utility
subsidiaries to satisfy their creditors and return to financial viability;
2.    The extension of cost-based rates from the utilities generating
facilities from five to 10 years and a ban on their sale;
3.    Conservation easements on utility-owned land in prime watershed areas;
and
4.    Dismissal of all pending litigation.



The Governor's plan directs the Public Utilities Commission to establish a
"dedicated rate component" from the existing rate structure (not a new
charge on consumer bills). This would allow the utilities to make payments
to their creditors, including banks, generators, and renewable energy
producers. Utilities would be allowed to sell revenue bonds secured by the
dedicated rate component.

Governor Davis said he is working closely with the legislative leadership on
legislative components necessary to carry out negotiations.

Governor Davis also noted that he sent a letter to President George W. Bush
thanking him for his order today to expedite the review and licensing of new
power generation facilities in California.

"I am extremely gratified that President Bush has acted to put the federal
government on the same path as I have in California to cut red tape and get
new power plants on line," said the Governor.


###

