

Do your gas books have any gas deals left?  There were 23,000 deals missed in the 'kill exercise' performed by IT.  If you have deals left, please re-calc tomorrow to see if they go away.  If you have no deals, then you are done!

Stacey

 

Hi Stacey!!

Please confirm since Casey is out. Thanks!!

Sam

 
Cc:	Chang, Fran

Hi Casey!!

Just to confirm, as mentioned below, today is the last day we officialize the gas books. Please correct me if I am wrong.

Thanks,
Sam 

 
Cc:	Postlethwaite, John

fyi

 
Cc:	White, Stacey W.

Hey!  Original plan was for today to be the last day, but gas IT did not run the script correctly last night to kill all of the interdesk trades so tomorrow, hopefully, will be the last day to calc gas.

We'll keep you informed!

Take care of yourself!
Casey

 

Dear Casey:

John will be out for the rest of this week.  He mentioned yesterday that we might stop calcing the gas books soon.  According to Shona's email (see attached), it seems like we will run/officialize the last gas book calcs today for the last time?  Would you please confirm?  Thanks!

Hope you are doing well,
Fran


 

Here is today's list.

 << File: dec 11 unofficialized.xls >> 

I have open questions for:

Stacey - 2 west pwr books (by the way, good job on the gas books you guys have - I spoke with Casey and she'll officialize these tonight for the last time and we'll inactivate them tomorrow)
Todd - GRM & weather - do you know when you might be able to start officializing these again?
Michelle/Mark/John S - there are still a few books (exotics etc) that we should figure out what should be done
David Oliver - UK-CRD-BRN-PRC - Mark said this one would be officialized.  It showed up as not officialized this am.
Sheri - the exotic price still isn't being officialized.  Where do we stand on that one?
Matt - steel & lumber - they showed up - we rolled the files from yesterday and uploaded them this morning - is this okay or were there terminations run through?

Thanks


Shona
X39123