

Will do.





expertise.....      and your commitment to prepare these matters for 
him..........it is my understanding that in the non-binding letter of intent 
he wants to get a commitment that the counterparty will not deal with anyone 
else for a period of time.......i don't have any more details than that...he 
also stated that Ben Jacoby has a "redacted version of the GE AGREEMENT" that 
he wants to send out.....since I have no knowledge of the GE Agreement, any 
confidentiality provisions therein or elsewhere or of any past practices in 
this regard, I hesitate.to express an opinion on this..

I am sorry to hear of you and your son's strep conditions; I hope that you 
received medication to alleviate the symptons.
If  Dwight needs something this week please  call Shonnie at31463 ; she can 
help meet the needs while you are out......with your expertise on the GE 
matters..........................Jeff is not in today and I will be out of 
the office from 11:oo on tommorrow and all day Friday  (V&E TRIPLE LUTZ 
negotiation) but will be checking voice mail.




	10/25/2000 03:20 PM
		
		 		 		 
I'll be glad to handle it so long as it doesn't have to be done this week, as 
I have strep throat (Michael and I got a group rate at the peditricians' 
office.)  
Who should I contact?

Kay




do you the time to handle the CA and basic term sheet




	10/25/2000 02:21 PM
		
		 		 		 
Hi Barbara,

I'm on the phone with the GE folks right now, as we have a standing 
conference call with them every Wednesday at 130.  I'm familiar with the 
people and the contractual terms at issue, and will be happy to discuss it.

Kay






Kay I received a call from Dwight Beech,who used to do powere-type work....he 
is now in a different group.  While in that group he formed a relationship 
with individuals at Jones Capital Corp. They have somehow discovered that 
Enron has the above mentioned turbines and they wish to purchase 2 or 
more......I understand from Dwight that there are restrictions which affect 
ENA's right to sell the turbines to 3rd parties and that there may be ways to 
structure around these.

Please call so that we may discuss Ben Jacoby has been speaking with Dwight 
and wants a basic term sheet AND a confidentiality Agreement.   bng    I 
presume from our discussions you are familiar with the GE issues.











