

I think one thing that is good is for every California call you make us go through the key bills in some organized outline.

Thanks,

Jim





Jim:

Thanks for the input.  

Other that keeping current a matrix of important legislation are there other ways that would be useful for you (or the group) to have my assistance in tracking legislation? I find it really interesting (if not somewhat perplexing!).  

Jennifer




Jennifer --

SBX2 18 and SBX2 85 are important to follow.

Jim




See SB 85, below.

Best,
Jeff


Bev Hansen; Hedy Govenar; Buster, Miyung; Guerrero, Janel; Robert Frank;
Mike Day; Lawner, Leslie; Kingerski, Harry; Karen Denne; Kean, Steven
J.; Alan Comnes; Susan J Mara; Kaufman, Paul; Jeff Dasovich; Steffes,
James D.; Rick Shapiro


The Assembly Appropriations Committee is scheduled to meet tomorrow to take
up SBX2 78.  The bill may be taken up by the full Assembly after that,
however, that decision has not been made because several Legislators have
indicated that they may not be in Sacramento tomorrow.

The Assembly Revenue and Taxation Committee is going to meet sometime today
off the floor to take up SBX2 1 (Soto/Scott) which would establish a
windfall profits tax.  Additional amendments will be taken that will make
the tax effective on January 1, 2002, define exempt wholesale generator,
marketer, broker, and aggregator, by referencing their PUC definitions, and
exempt QFs.

The Assembly Energy, Costs and Availability Committee will meet upon
adjournment of session today to take up SBX2 39, which would give the CPUC
regulatory authority over non-IOU generation facilities, for
reconsideration.  The bill failed passage during its prior hearing.

The Assembly Energy, Costs and Availability Committee is scheduled to take
up the following bills on September 4 at 1:30 p.m.:

SBX2 85 (Burton) - This bill would prevent the CPUC, upon termination of the
10 percent rate reduction for residential and small commercial customers set
forth in subdivision (a) of Section
368, from subjecting those residential and small commercial customers to any
rate increases or future rate obligations solely as a result of the
termination of the 10 percent rate reduction.

SBX2 18 (Burton) - This bill would establish a dedicated rate component.