

FYI.  I have sent them a copy of the draft policy.  I think it will address 
their concerns.  Michelle
---------------------- Forwarded by Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 05/11/2000 10:44 
AM ---------------------------



05/11/2000 08:53 AM



Jane, this issue continues to be 'worked' here at Enron.  In relation to a 
current initiative which includes a new employee directory, we are working 
with the business unit leaders (Cindy Olson, Steve Kean, Mark Palmer, Vision 
and Values Task Force) and Sharon Butcher, Kelly Higgason, and Brian 
Schaffer.  Michelle Cash and Sharon have been involved in several discussions 
relating to our global data collection efforts through HR-GIS.  We have a 
meeting scheduled next week and I will ask Sharon to include the information 
below in the discussion.  

In general, I understood Sharon and Kelly to indicated that research has been 
done for some locations and may have to be continuously updated.  Other Enron 
locations have not been researched and will have to be prioritized and 
evaluated for research, i.e., it was recommended that we focus our efforts on 
locations with the higher employee populations.


   
	
	
		





This has been looked at by our HR IT department for many years as we have 
been transmitting data back and forth in our Compensation and HR systems.  I 
am copying Sherry Lessner who at one time lead the group dealing with this 
issue, as well as Sharon Butcher and Michelle Cash from our legal department.

Ladies, can you provide any additional information on what we are doing?  Do 
we need additional research in this area?

Thanks,

Jane






05/10/2000 07:29 PM

Jane:

I participated in a lunch yesterday on Capitol Hill which discussed the 
recently concluded bilateral negotiations between Europe and the US on the 
issue of data privacy/safe harbor.  I admit that I don't fully understand the 
issue, but in essence I'm told it's an internal EU directive passed a few 
years ago (not all countries within the EU have come into compliance yet, by 
the way) that has strict bearing on issues pertaining to the protection of 
the privacy of transmitted data (eg, over the internet).   The EU wants to 
forbid transmitting certain types of data to countries that don't "adequately 
protect" the information.  As always, the EU wants to regulate the issue, 
while the US prefers self-regulation.  After two years of negotations, they 
agreed a few weeks ago that data transmitted from the EU to the US could be 
put in "safe harbors", which are basically approved bodies that would check 
the recipient's ability to protect the privacy of the information, ie, an 
American company receiving privelaged data from its European affiliates or 
offices.  

How does this affect Enron?  A couple of other company reps said it is 
especially pertinent to HR issues, such as transmitting personnel 
information, salary, etc. from Europe back to the home office in the US.

Given our large presence in London and elsewhere in Europe, does this affect 
us, and do you want us to track down more information?

Regards,
Steve Burns







