

 artin,

We should enroll.

Vince


Cc: Kaminski, Vince J; Shanbhogue, Vasant


This looks like it might be fun.  I think we should have somebody register.

Martin




Sounds interesting.
--------------------------
Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)




Cornell is running some national experiments on market design. They need
volunteers from industry. They need a response today if someone wants to
participate in the first round of experiments. But anyone interested should
just apply soon because there will be more. You get paid for it, too,
depending upon your profitability.
FYI
Dennis Ray

-----
Dennis Ray, Ph.D.
Executive Director
Power Systems Engineering Research Center
608-265-3808



This is an invitation to participate in a set of electric power market
experiments pertaining to the design and efficiency of markets for electric
power using a unique internet platform called PowerWeb.  We are interested
in testing several important markets with subjects at disparate
locations.  You are being asked to either participate yourself or to pass
this invitation on to the appropriate person in your organization.

We are interested in testing individuals or institutions with experience in
the power industry. Participants will compete in a series of four
electricity market experiments. The commitment required will be to review
approximately two hours of training material and then to participate in
two, two-hour sessions during times chosen from those specified in the
attached registration form.  Those chosen to participate must be able to be
simultaneously logged on to the internet and connected to a voice telephone
line.  They must also use a Netscape web browser that we will provide if
you don't have one.  Subjects must also be able to be paid for their
participation.

You will earn approximately $350-$450 for participating in the experiments.
Actual earnings are directly related to your performance. You will only be
paid what you earn if you complete all four experiments.  In the
experiments, you will play the role of an electricity generator and compete
against 5 other generators (participants) to sell electricity in a market.
In the market, the 6 generators submit offers to sell electricity and an
auction mechanism determines the selling price(s) and what capacity is
sold. No prior experience trading in electric power markets is
required.  We will use the results of these experiments to help determine
how player strategies and market characteristics change as the market rules
change.  You will receive feedback at the end of the experiments about the
results and what was learned..

To participate, completely fill out the registration form attached to this

it is very important that you indicate times when you will be available to
participate in the experiments. Direct any questions or concerns you may
have to Christian. Once selected for the experiments, you will receive a CD
that includes the Netscape browser, a user manual for PowerWeb  our
experimental platform, and training materials.

Thank you for considering this invitation.

Sincerely,

Bob Thomas, Professor
Director of PSerc