
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - White, Stacey W.\Sent Items
X-Origin: WHITE-S
X-FileName: stacy white 7-15-02.PST

This should answer your regional trading question.  Once again, there is nothing to physically stop them from trading in any region, but the management decision on regional trading for the East is as follows.  I do not have this same information from the West.
 
Stacey

Cc: Lozano, Melba; White, Stacey W.



Please see the following regions and associated traders:

*       NEPOOL PTF - Dana Davis, Willis Philip, Rob Stalford 
*       NY Zone J (FP and Basis) - Rob Benson, Juan Padron, Rob Stalford
*       NY Zone G - Rob Benson, Juan Padron, Rob Stalford
*       NY Zone A - Rob Benson, Juan Padron, Rob Stalford
*       Ontario (FP and Basis) - unknown at this time
*       PJM East Hub (FP and Basis) - Rob Benson
*       PJM West Hub - Rob Benson, Peter Makkai, Rob Stalford
*       PJM West (Basis) - Rob Benson
*       Cinergy - Fletch Sturm, Russell Ballato, Don Baughman, Lloyd Will, Steve Wang
*       Com-Ed (FP and Basis) - Fletch Sturm, Russell Ballato, Don Baughman
*       TVA (FP and Basis) - Eric Saibi, Miguel Garcia, Lloyd Will
*       Entergy (FP and Basis) - Mike Carson, Eric Saibi, Miguel Garcia, Lloyd Will, Steve Wang
*       SOCO -- Mike Carson, Eric Saibi, Miguel Garcia, Lloyd Will, Steve Wang
*       ERCOT South (FP) - Doug Gilbert-Smith, Jeff King, Paul Schiavone, Steve Wang
*       ERCOT North (Basis) - Doug Gilbert-Smith, Jeff King, Paul Schiavone


NOTE - Kevin Presto will be trading ALL regions

Please let me know if you have any questions!

Casey


Cc: Lozano, Melba


Casey,
 
Please provide us with the trader names who will be managing the locations on the bottom of this email.  Once we receive this information, we will be applying the names and testing the products.  If there are more than one trader per location due to the term of the trade, please let us know what that breakout will be.  Thank you.
 
Kevin



Casey Evans has all of this.




As you finalize the personnel issues, any information regarding which trader will be managing each location is extremely helpful.  The reason for this is because we must apply the trader to the appropriate product(s) in order to test the system completely.  Using the information you provide, we will be able to make sure the traders are set up correctly prior to our go-live date.
 
Kevin




I don't have this finalized yet until final personnel decisions are done.

 
Cc: Walker, Chris; Lozano, Melba 



Kevin, 

Please identify which trader will be managing the locations you have listed below so we can have the system fully tested as soon as possible.  I understand that we will be using peak and off-peak only for the locations below.  We will work with the trader of the Ontario location and Leslie Hansen to develop this location, as we do not have anything in the system for this yet.  Thanks, in advance, for your response.

Kevin 

 


Please ensure products are set up accordingly. 

Thanks, 

Dave 
-------------------------- 
Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net) 


 


The UBSW Energy on-line products should be limited to the locations below through 2003 only.   Off-Peak markets will be only in NY, PJM, NEPOOL, and ERCOT.

*       NEPOOL PTF 
*       NY Zone J (FP and Basis) 
*       NY Zone G 
*       NY Zone A 
*       Ontario (FP and Basis) 
*       PJM East Hub (FP and Basis) 
*       PJM West Hub 
*       PJM West (Basis) 
*       Cinergy 
*       Com-Ed (FP and Basis) 
*       TVA (FP and Basis) 
*       Entergy (FP and Basis) 
*       SOCO 
*       ERCOT South (FP) 
*       ERCOT North (Basis) 

Casey - Please see above the markets that will be Fixed Price (1-30 day market) and Basis/Spread (forwards). 

Kevin Presto 
Vice President, East Power Trading 
Phone:  713-853-5035 
Cell:  713-854-3923 
Fax:  713-646-8272 
