

Mark,

Thanks for the updates.  I have big news;  I'm changing jobs.  This is not 
announced yet but I am moving to the wholesale group with Frevert to become 
CEO for a new business unit called Enron Global Markets.  It will contain the 
global commodities including Crude and products, coal, LNG, weather, 
insurance, FX/interest rates/equities, etc.  

 I think MEC is very cool and i am glad we are pursing it.  Please keep 
Philippe, Jay and now Jeff McMahon in the loop.

Good luck with this and I look forward to hearing more about it's success.  
Please keep this news to yourself until next week.

Thanks,
Mike


   
	Enron Investment Partners
	
		





Steve,

I spoke with David ealier today.  He is planning a meeting with Jim Tour to 
due diligence the technology.  

I would like to put together a team to drive MEC's strategy, including a 
consolidation in Houston.  We would trade this commitment for warrants in the 
company and a right to participate in future fundings.  Effectively, our team 
could help drive the strategy for the company and due diligence a possible 
investment at the same time.

Thanks,
mark




07/26/2000 05:11 PM



I think it would be useful to verify their view that they are really only 2-3 
years from commercial production.  Ideally, we could get that confirmation 
from someone familiar with the technology but without any financial interest 
in its success.  Their technology pitch sounded good, but I don't know enough 
to recognize the potential shortcomings.  I want to feel comfortable that you 
all feel this is real, then I would be happy to have me and my team spend 
some time with them.





Thank you for participating in yesterday's meeting.  We spoke with Harvey and 
Jim after the meeting and they took to speed to market comments to heart.  
There is an opportunity for Enron to participate with MEC in the early 
development of their company, but it seems the one thing they want is the one 
thing we also want, people.  I would appreciate your thoughts and comments on 
the possiblity of creating a small team that could work directly with MEC as 
part of a potential investment and strategic relationship.  Given our 
resource constraints, this would most likely be part of the organization that 
sees the greatest strategic impact from MEC's development.

Mark
x37408







