

David,

Attached for your information is an email from the CEO of Six Foot Studios.  
This guy is the brother-in- law of Robin Gibbs, one of the top litigators in 
the country.  Robin and his firm is used a great deal in our key cases for 
Enron.  This looks like a cool company but I have no idea if you have any 
interest in his company or it's products.  I do, however, need someone to 
follow-up with him, even if it is a polite discussion that we don't have any 
interest.  We need to respond in some manner.  I forwarded this a while ago 
but he didn't hear anything.

He is successfully getting in to companies in Houston and Compaq is a big 
supporter.  I hope there is an opportunity here.

Thanks,
Mike
---------------------- Forwarded by Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT on 07/28/2000 
06:49 AM ---------------------------







Dear Michael,
?
Thanks for your phone call today. As promised you  will find attached samples 
of our work.? Although the executables are all  flash files - please know 
that we are not limited to?that software and  design scope.?We are also 
excellent 3d animators, web designers and  multimedia specialists. For 
example we produce interactive CD-ROMs, Tech  animations and Trade Show 
presentations.
?
Due to proprietary restrictions there are other  grander, more 
complex?projects that I am unable to distribute. However, I  can personally 
showcase in 10 minutes our other capabilities to the appropriate  parties at 
Enron. I would like to emphasize that we are a "Digital Marketing  
Enhancement" company... we take ones & zeros and bland text messages, turn  
them into eye-catching animations and fire them across the net!
?
Attached file description (note the small file  size)
?
6ft buzz ad - A digital brochure that we send to  potential clients. (638k)
?
Phases - A?project guide for clients of  buzzad.com. (554k)
?
Magnolia - The online web-commercial (buzz ad) for  New Line Cinema's 
"Magnolia." (761k)
?
Boiler Room - Another New Line ad.  (641k)
?
NewTek Game - A customized parody game for the  company who's software 
created effects in movies like "Titanic."? The host  is a caricature of the 
company's CEO. (728k)
?
I appreciate your time and attention.
?
Sincerely,
?
Matt Ballesteros
CEO
Six Foot Studios LTD

713.522.3170
?
?
 - Boilerroom.exe
 - 6ft buzz ad.exe
 - Magnolia.exe
 - NewTek Game.exe
 - Phases.exe
