

Bob, 

Thanks for the email and invitation.  I am out of the office traveling right 
now and must get back to you on my availability.

Mike









Mike,

I'm putting together the keynote session for Interactive Energy and wondered
if you'd be available on Tuesday morning between 8-11, October 24, at the
Houston Adam's Mark.  It'll give you an excuse to sleep late in your own
bed!

I envision a panel of the heads of e-business and technology at several
major companies, including Don Paul from Chevron, John Leggate from BP
Amoco, Bob Peebler from Haliburton and one or two others, to discuss a range
of key issues.  Little if any advance preparation would be needed on your
part.

We're trying to get either or both Keith Krach from Ariba and Mark Hoffman
from Commerce One to provide the opener.  If both accept, we will probably
have one deliver in the morning and the other at lunch.  Or maybe we'll have
a mud wrestling contest.

Finally, we're much closer to Interactive Texas and wanted to see if there
is anything you'd like mentioned about Enron technology initiatives during
Jeff's introduction.  My wife Suzanne will be doing the intro.  She will
have a wealth of broader market statistics, but you may have some milestones
you'd like mentioned about EOL's progress or something else suited to this
Texas business and government audience.

Look forward to your reply.

Thanks,

Bob






Bob, thanks for the feedback and I enjoyed catching up as well.  Chris and
I both enjoyed our discussion and introductions at the dinner too.

As far as the 9 initiatives, that number includes all of our activities not
just new ones.  We don't have 9 being cranked out in 90 days, at least not
yet!

When we get closer to your conference, I would be happy to give you a count
for your intro. with Jeff.

Thanks,
Mike






cc:


Mike,

Good to catch up with you and congratulations on a fine opener this
morning.
I think I heard you say that Enron currently has nine e-business ventures
underway and your development cycle from concept to implementation is just
90 days.

I would like to use these factoids in Jeff's introduction unless I heard
you
incorrectly.

Kind regards,

Bob Nimocks

P.S. We're beginning to assemble the program for Interactive Energy 2000,
Oct. 23-26, in Houston.  I will e-mail you an invitation to participate on
the senior management panel Tuesday morning Oct 24th.






