

	Actually, there was one new development late yesterday. Frazier wasn't entirely comfortable with having Andy Fastow in that role in the first place since he may have had access to transportation/capacity information in his capacity as CFO of Enron Corp. The same concern would, of course apply to Andy Fastow's successor. That was why Frazier had suggested Cindy Olsen. I spoke with Mary Kay and told her about this concern. She understands, but continues to feel that we should be able to come up with someone who is more substantively involved in Enron's underlying businesses but who does not have access to transportation/capacity information. I'll work with Frazier to see if we can identify someone. So, let's hold off for now in contacting Jeff McMahon. I'll keep you updated. Thanks.

 

I have no objection.  Drew do you want to contact McMahon's office or should I.  Either way is fine.  Greg

 

Any objections to Mary Kay's suggestion? If not, I'll probably need the help of one of you in contacting Jeff McMahon. 

 

Why wouldn't we just use Andy's replacement?  Cindy is communciation and HR, not much fit there at all-  MK

 

I'm a new addition to the gas pipeline legal group, having recently transferred from the EES legal department. Among other things, I'll be handling Northern Natural's compliance with the marketing affiliate rule. 

An issue has come up with Northern as a result of the recent changes at Enron Corp.

Andy Fastow is currently shown in the organizational chart on Northern Natural's electronic bulletin board as "President, Northern Pipeline Sales Division".  Apparently, he was named to this position because he was not an officer or director of one of our marketing affiliates and was also not an officer or director of Northern. This satisfied the requirements of the marketing affilate rule. Given recent personnel changes at Enron Corp., it's now necessary to find a replacement for Andy Fastow. Frazier King suggested Cindy Olson, who also is neither an officer or director of a marketing affiliate nor an officer or director of Northern.  We wanted to run this by both of you before proceeding further. We would appreciate your thoughts. Thanks.