

    I am fine with your explanation as well.  Is anyone complaining about only one person being able to
    view the info?  Thanks. Lynn




Thanks for the clarification, Larry.  I don't think we need to meet to discuss this issue.  I guess that I just misunderstood your initial message to imply that certain documents were still unaccessible to customers.  I'm satisfied.
 
Rick

 
Cc: 



Rick and Lynn, 

A customer can access all of NNG accounting documents( all invoices and their supporting documents).  However, due to tighter security coding in Business Objects compare to Actuate, reports are now only viewable by one party, instead of two parties. For example, at a poi where there is an agent and an operator, the agent is only able to view the Measurement Info, Daily Volume Allocation and Allocation statements.   IT is researching a fix to a situation like this.

If you still would like to meet with me to explain further, give a demo (or have  lunch meeting with just the three of us!), let me know.

Thanks 
Larry 


  

        Ava, please coordinate with Alma a time Rick, Larry and I can talk about the 
        flowing gas documents no accessible to customers.  Thanks. Lynn 

  

I am very glad to hear that the key documents are up, running and accessible.  I would like to discuss the documents that the customers cannot access.  I would like to totally focus on the new contract system on Monday so Tuesday would fit my schedule better.

Rick 

  
Cc:     Berger, Larry 

Rick and Lynn, 

I just wanted to give you an official memo that the NNG Flowing Gas Documents are now online with both the Reservation, Commodity, Variance and Imbalance invoices and their supporting documents.  NNG Customers are able to view both the Aug and Sep 2001 accounting month reports.  The customer can also view the 5 original Flowing Gas documents (Contract Imbalance, Shipper Imbalance, Invoices (Reservation and Commodity only), Allocation, and Measurement Information) from May 2000 to Aug 2001 accounting months via a hyperlink to Actuate.

During the next couple of months, I will still be working with the NNG reps and customers on various issues regarding the Flowing Gas reports: for instance, researching why the customer cannot access certain documents.   I will also be meeting with Legale and IT weekly on enhancements to Flowing Gas that are needed.

See me if you have questions. 

Larry 