

The guy in B.A. that we booked our hunt with is Emilio Paris (phone # 011 541 
14 812 2154).  We hunted near a small town called Rio Tercero about  45 
minutes outside of Cordoba.  We stayed at the Los Alamos Lodge.  Our guide's 
name was Sergio Abrile.  We paid $750 for 3 days of hunting, 2 nights 
lodging, meals, hunting license, etc.  We paid $9.00/box for shells.  We 
aleady had our guns,  however they had very nice, new Beretta 12/20 ga. 
shotguns for rent for $25/day.  We hunted April 30-May 2 which is the end of 
fall and we slayed the birds.  I think the only time to avoid is during the 
heart of winter July-August due to cold/wet conditions.  The flight from 
Buenos Aires to Corboda cost about $200 and takes about an hour.

You might call Emilio just to compare prices, etc.  I think he is affiliated 
with a US outfitter called Gage/4 Seasons.  I hope this info is helpful.  
Don't hesitate
to call if have nay questions.  


















I talked to Scott Neal - he lived in BA for a few years and has attended and
hosted bird hunts.  He is going to get me the names of some people he hunted
with to compare prices, accommodations etc.  A few things he wanted us to
check on;
 1) BA is a hell of a long way to travel - is the flight bus. class?
 2) What time of year are you planning on going - there are better times.
Scott was thinking they hunted in May (he is going to check) and had as much
shooting (and then some) as he needed.
 3) Accommodations in BA and where you hunt.  Again he is going to verify and
get some phone numbers but you want to stay close to where you are hunting
(not like Mexico) and there are some very nice places - he is thinking he
stayed at the Gauge Four Seasons.
I will get back to you with more details as I have them.

---------- Original Text ----------


Are you up for a hunting trip of a lifetime?

Pawpaw and I met with an outfitter last week to discuss details of a dove
hunting trip in Argentina. In a nutshell, the trip includes six (6) shoots
(i.e. half day hunts) near the town of Cordoba, Argentina. As Jody can
attest, there is no limit and you can shoot 400 to 1000 birds per day
depending on how mad you are at them!

I have estimated the total cost of the trip at $5,000. This price includes
the following:



low as $800)

average)


We need at least 4 to book a separate trip. Argentina's seasons are opposite
from ours and the best time to go is August - October. A smaller group will
be booked to go with an other group.

I know all of you boys got huge 2000 bonuses...so what's a paltry $5 large
for a trip like this?

Let me know if you are interested in going with us so we can start looking
at dates. If you have any questions call Pawpaw or myself. See ya.




