


	06/07/2001 11:04 AM
		 




















		 		 
Current Notes User: 

To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, 
simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey 
will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.

Thank you.

Outlook 2000 Migration Team




Full Name: Elizabeth Sager       

Login ID:   esager

Extension:   36349

Office Location:   3805

What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)   Desktop

Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
Jornada)  No

Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  
    If yes, who?  No

Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  
    If yes, who?  Yes, my secretary, Alice Wright

Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
    If yes, who?  No

Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
   If yes, who?   Yes, my secretary, Alice Wright

Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
    If yes, which shared calendar?  Yes

Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
mass mailings)?  
    If yes, please list here:  

Address Books:   Enron, Personal, ECT, EES, EI Lotus Notes, EC, Eott's, 
Azurix NAB, Transredes, MGUSA, New Power, Local Address Books.

Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: ECT Sec 
Resource, ECT Bulletin Boards, Catalog 5.0, Personal Web Navigator, 
Development Center, ECT Legal Foreign and Domestic, New Power Contracts, On 
Local, Journal on Local, Favorites on Local, Finanical Trading Agreement, ECT 
Technical Support for SRRS.


Media - Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Carthage Today

In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
need to know:

What are your normal work hours?  
Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
       If so, when?        From (MM/DD/YY):      To (MM/DD/YY):      


