


Samantha:

Can you let Banu know the status of the CA?

Thanks!

Marie
 

Did you speak with Banu yesterday?  If not can you call her with an update?  
Thanks, Brent

 
Cc:	Ryan Bekerman, Joana; Marcus, Larry

Hi Brent-

I will be out of the office in the next two weeks and will not have access to e-mail.. Could you please let Joana Ryan or Larry Marcus know about the progress with the AEGIS Confidentiality Agreement in my absence.. We are waiting for the agreement to be signed to progress with our work with them..

Thank you,
Banu Ozcan



 


I have not received any response as of yet.
 

hi Brent-
Did we hear back from them? Is is still being negotiated? Please let me know..

 
Cc:	Boyd, Samantha; Shackleton, Sara; Ozcan, Banu

I am attaching a revised Confidentiality Agreement modifying the agreement to cover both parties.  I have also attempted to incorporate language addressing the issues you raised below.  Please review my draft and contact me with any questions or comments.  

 << File: AEGISCA06-26-01.doc >> 

Regards,
Brent Hendry

Enron North America
1400 Smith Street
Houston Texas 77002
Phone:  713 853 7124 
Fax: 713 646 3490 

 
 
Cc:	Bertrand, Ronald S.


I have been assisting Ron Bertrand in reviewing the proposed Confidentiality Agreement between Enron and AEGIS.  The original proposal was for a confidentiality agreement running to the benefit of AEGIS.  A subsequent comment from Sara Shackelton, however indicates that a two-way agreement is necessary.  As such there are several issues clauses that must be included to address issues unique to underwriting insurance.  Specifically (a) confidential information supplied in order to induce AEGIS to underwrite an insurance policy must be warranted (as in any insurance application), (b) AEGIS needs the right to share such information with reinsurers (who can be held to a confidentiality agreement), and (c) if a policy is purchased AEGIS need to retain the information in case there are any enforcement disputes that might turn on the application information.  The AEGIS standard confidentiality agreement used in underwriting situations is attached.
With regard to the revised draft of June 22nd. I note, in addition to the issues mentioned above, that the governing law provision is somewhat contradictory to the arbitration provisions and that the assumption in section 7 that confidentiality provisions will be incorporated in to the definitive agreement is usually not true for insurance policies.
Please feel free to contact me directly (201-521-4691) to conclude this matter. 
 <<underwriting.DOC>> 

 - underwriting.DOC