

I will not be attanding this meeting as I understand you both will be.  I'm 
sure we have many other specific concerns (and I am reviewing the amended 
supplemental compliance filing as I'm sure you are).  However, I think our 
key concern is returning to a stakeholder process.  Since the utilities first 
filing, we haven't been allowed to be at the table.  This violates Order No. 
2000.


   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
	
	10:26 AM
	











































































































































AIRPORT HOTEL


Hello, Everyone -

Most of the dust has settled from the flurry of RTO West filings, motions,
interventions, comments, protests, and answers that have consumed all of our
attention over the past few weeks. In looking through the list of filed
documents on the RTO West website, one can't help but be struck by the
incredible amount of hard work that has gone into the analysis and drafting
of the documents submitted to FERC.  We appreciate the dedication of
everyone to making the RTO West proposal as strong as possible.

Now that we've had a few days to relax (just kidding), it's now timely for
us to come together to determine where we've been, where we are now, and
where we'd like to go in the future.  To get started, the RTO West Filing
Utilities invite you to an open regional meeting next Friday, December 15,
2000 at the Sheraton Portland Airport Hotel, Mt. Hood Rooms A & B.  (Let's
start out on familiar territory.)  The meeting will start at 9:30 a.m. and
end at 2:30 p.m.  The Filing Utilities would like you to join them for an
informal buffet lunch so we can maximize the amount of discussion time
together.  I hear rumors that there will be festivities appropriate to the
occasion.

Our working agenda for the meeting is:

1. Opening remarks and welcome from the Filing Utilities

2. Overview of Stage One filings

3. Proposed Stage Two deliverables

4. Stage Two participation by interested parties

 a.  Lessons learned from Stage One
 b. Discussion of guiding principles for Stage Two process

 LUNCH  -  Roundtable discussions as we enjoy the Sheraton's "Oregon Buffet"

 c. Reports and feedback (verbal) from the Roundtables

5. Next steps and proposed meetings

If you have suggestions for what we might add to the working agenda, please
let me know.   Also, to give the Sheraton an approximate estimate of meals,
please let me know by reply e-mail or call Judy Welch at (503) 262-9421 if
you plan to attend.

We look forward to seeing you next Friday.

Thanks very much,

Bud


