

Boy would I like to come to Houston.  But looks like I'll be stuck here, at 
least this week.  Soon as I get to Houston, I'll look you up and we can 
compare notes.
Best,
Jeff




	07/23/2001 02:00 PM
		 
		 		 		 
That is always a good sign.  Again, if you come to Houston I would love to 
meet with you and discuss synergies of reporting on this issue.  Are you guys 
looking into the DWR's announcement that was postponed yesterday regarding 
revenue rates/rate hikes?

- Kristin

 

Greetings:
Looks like our respective sources are tracking pretty well.

Best,
Jeff

























? When the Assembly reconvenes at 4:00 PDT it appears they will likely take 
up the budget only; there is no word at this time that they will take up AB 
82XX, and they do not appear to have the votes needed to pass it even if they 
did take it up.  The fact that Burton has come out against a conference 
committee is an additional disincentive to work on 82XX.  Therefore, at this 
time it appears unlikely that 82XX will be passed before the recess.

? Instead, it appears likely that a working group will be established to work 
on SB 78XX during the recess.  This group will likely include members of 
Keeley's, Hertzberg's and Burton's staffs.  These staff members may be 
allowed to go on vacation for a few weeks before returning to work on the MOU.

? The Assembly must pass the budget before they can recess.  It is unclear at 
this time if it will be possible to do so tonight or if it will take a few 
days; the Senate, by leaving, has put the Assembly in a difficult position in 
that they cannot amend anything.  Also, the four Republicans who voted for 
the budget last week are under significant pressure not to vote for the 
trailer bills, meaning that Speaker Hertzberg has to find other Republicans 
willing to cross party lines -- a difficult and very unpopular thing to do at 
this point.  This is likely why the Assembly is meeting so late in the day -- 
to allow Hertzberg time to work on the 8 or 9 Republicans on his list.



