

John, FYI, I'll let you know when I hear from her.  Thanks, Kim.

 
Importance:	High

	Kim--

	I am not sure what the deal will be, as I am waiting to get a referral and to get into the neurosurgeon.  However, I spoke to a surgeon friend of mine in San 
	Angelo this weekend.  She says I should not plan on being able to go.  She said if it were just a month later, I might could make it.  But she says that, 
	even if I get the surgery scheduled soon, that there will be a lot of rehab and that first of Oct. is too soon to stop rehab.  I was hoping to get some definite 
	answers to questions today, but neither my regular doctor (who said she would call me back today after she received the information on the tests done 
	by the neurologist, etc.), nor the nerologist, who I left a message for, called me back.  So, I am not positive about anything...  The neurologist made it 
	sound like the recovery from this new "microsurgery" was not that difficult or long but he was not specific about the exact period.

	Do you have any back-up takers for going on the trip, in the event my doctors say "no way"?

	--Dot


 

Dot,

I'm so glad you know what the problem is.  My brother had a similar micro-surgery last year.  He went home on the same day and was only off work for a couple of days.  Will you be able to start a rehab program/routine after surgery?  Is your doctor comfortable with you traveling to Italy this fall or will it be a wait and see situation to see how you are doing post surgery?  Keep me posted.  Thanks, Kim.

 
Importance:	High

	Kim--

	Got the news today -- good news is we now know what the problem is & it can be fixed.  I have a protruding disc between L5 and S1 that is "impinging 
	upon the nerve root for L5" -- i.e., causing the numbness in my left leg and foot.  Bad news is -- surgery is the fix.  However, the neurologist says that 
	recovery from the surgery is pretty short, in light of the micro-surgery they now do on this.  Trying to get in to see the surgeon now, to see how soon 
	I can schedule something.  Keep you informed...

	--Dot

 

	Kim --

	Thanks for the note -- I had a cat scan yesterday, along with more hip x-rays.  Tomorrow, I have something called an EMG -- "electro-myogram" -- sounds 
	similar to the old "myleograms", so I just assumed it would be similar -- dye into the spinal cord & take pictures.  However, Staci looked it up on the 
	Internet for me and reported that it is a series of needle probes into various muscles to check for nerve problems, and is somewhat painful -- just what I want 
	at this point!   Surely doesn't sound too great...  oh well, still hope to find something out by tomorrow around noon...
	
	I did hear from a friend of mine, who had something similar a few years ago; she opted for some injections into her back, which worked, so that would be 
	better than surgery or continuing like this, at least. The neurologist did say last week that it is not necessarily my back (altho' that is the most likely 
	cause of this) but said that it could be something in my hip...  So, maybe I'll have a number of options, like physical therapy, injections, etc. and not just 
	surgery.

	--Dot

 

Dot,

Please keep me posted on your tests.  Also, don't forget to tell the doctors that you just need the really BIG shot now so that you will be ready for Italy in the fall.  Don't over-do it!  I does take time for the back to heal.  

I had lunch with Sue Neville yesterday and she had some great advise for the Amalfi Coast(she and her family just returned from Italy).  On one of the islands near the Amalfi Coast, there are plenty of "natural spa's" with salt water, fresh water, hot, cold, dry and wet saunas.  Sounds like a good stop and may even be helpful to your current condition.

Stay flat!

Kim.

 

	Update -- went to see neurologist on Friday (only got in that early because I practically yelled at a number of people for several hours on Thursday -- I guess they think people can afford to wait 6 weeks to see if they feel any better!  They were willing to set me up with an appointment in Sept., can you imagine???).  

	Anyway, the neurologist knew what nerve is pinched but not where it is getting pinched, where the problem is coming from -- could be my back or my hip.  Having x-rays and cat scan on Monday pm, with something called EMG on Wed.  Let you know what I learn.  

	--Still flat on back in Houston...Dot