
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Zufferli, John\Sent Items
X-Origin: ZUFFERLI-J
X-FileName: john zufferli 6-26-02.PST

Karim, I don't want to wait till month end, let's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order, lets take that value into June since it relates to July puts.

 
Cc:	Gupta, Sanjay; Chen, Hai; Zufferli, John

Hi everyone,

I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made. Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.

Let me know if one of you could help me do this.
Karim.

 
Cc:	Gupta, Sanjay; Punja, Karim; Chen, Hai

Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now. There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.

John

 
Cc:	Gupta, Sanjay; Punja, Karim; Chen, Hai

John, Karim,

I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems. I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue. I'll keep you posted.
Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question... I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today)

Marcelo L. Meira
Sr IT Developer
Enron Networks - Houston, TX
(713) 345-3436

 
Cc:	Gupta, Sanjay; Punja, Karim

The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608. I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money. Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts? The liq value for the call is CORRECT.

John