

NO !!! Thank God!!!!

 

Debra,

Does this kind of thing go on alot?

Steve

 
Cc:	Johnson, Cheryl; Anderson, Bridgette; Campos, Anthony; Gonzales, Sharon

My apologies.  I meant to say deal 821869.  Thanks for the correction, Scott!

 

Just to clarify - 821869 is the affected deal.  872869 is a Conoco deal.

 
Cc:	Johnson, Cheryl; Anderson, Bridgette; Campos, Anthony; Gonzales, Sharon

OK guys, I think we have it all figured out now.  Deal 872869 is truly a Crestar deal but the deal should have been input under Crestar Energy Marketing Corp. instead of Crestar Energy Inc. (which is now Gulf Canada Resources Limited).  Elizabeth has moved the deal to Crestar Energy Marketing Corp. and the right contract is now attached.  Crestar will now be paid under Crestar Energy Marketing Corp.  as they have billed us.  

I hope this clears up any confusion.  Please feel free to call me at x30569 if you should have any questions.

Thanks,
SBR

 
Cc:	Hernandez, Elizabeth L.; Johnson, Cheryl

Stacey - Let me add that Crestar is continuing to bill us under Crestar Energy Marketing.  So, they may need to be brought in the loop.

Thank you,
Scott
5-7213

 
Cc:	Hernandez, Elizabeth L.; Dozier, Scott; Johnson, Cheryl

Patrice,

An update for you - Steve Van Hooser took this over from Dan but he is out of the office today.  I left a message on his voice mail and will let you know as soon as I hear from him.  I will request copies of the documentation from the Global Counterparty group in the meantime (Cheryl, can you send me a copy ASAP?).

Will keep you posted.

Thanks,
SBR x30569

 

Oh my.....where is Dan Hyvl? we spent a great deal of time on scrubbing this issue down.  Let me get with Stacey!

I'll get back with you

 
Cc:	Dozier, Scott; Mims, Patrice L.; Nemec, Gerald; Dickson, Stacy E.

I'm not sure what Dan's rationale was, but he's no longer here to ask.  Maybe we can have Gerald Nemec or Stacy Dickson Granmayeh look into it.  My documentation shows that Crestar Energy Inc. became Gulf Canada Resources Limited due to an amalgamation effective 03/01/01.  I don't have the documentation in hand but I can get a copy from the Global Counterparty group if necessary.  I don't understand why the deal should remain Crestar unless it's really under a Crestar entity that may not have been affected by the amalgamation????

 

Should deal 821869 be moved to Crestar?

 

fyi

 

Per Dan Hyvl, everything should be and will remain under Crestar.

Thanks

 
Cc:	Hernandez, Elizabeth L.

Patrice,

Should deal 821869 be booked under Gulf Canada Resources Limited or should it change to Crestar Energy Marketing Corp.?  Is there a point at which these deals will permanently remain under Gulf Canada Resources?  If not, can all future deals be moved over to Crestar Energy Marketing Corp.?  Please advise.

Thank you,
Scott Dozier
Enron Wholesale Services
Client Services - Settlements
office: 713.345.7213
fax: 713.646.8420
