

No intent to make people pay twice.  Anticipated that Edison might not want to be at risk for costs associated with retail gen service (e.g., AS, GMC, shaping) while only allowed to charge the wholesale price.  Any changes necessary to ensure no double counting are welcome.

Also, if 30 days seems to short to for some customers do strike a deal with either the utility or an ESP, then it might be appropriate, and I wouldn't object, to extending it to 90 days.  In my conversation with Dorothy, both 30 and 90 came up.  90 is reasonable, but it would seem to be the uppermost  limit.

Thanks very much for the comments.

Best,
Jeff








I do not agree with Jeff's changes to Dorothy's language and I am not sure if Dorothy does.
In particular, I don't know what is meant by the language in the definition of Spot Market
Service which says "and shall include all costs incurred by the electrical corporation to
provide retail electric service" which seems to me to go way beyond even energy service.  I
am also concerned that there be no way that customers have to pay for A/S twice.

Second, I think 30 days is too short a time for a customer on Spot Market service to elect
DA or Term Service, since if the UDC is providing Term Service on a best efforts basis, that
option might not even be available within 30 days.  Barbara

Delaney Hunter wrote:

> Folks-
> Sorry for the delay --- major computer problems over here. I have used Ann's
> document and added the changes I made as a template. It is in redline and
> the questions are highlighted as well. Please look over it carefully and if
> there is language you are going to provide please do it post haste.
>
> WE WILL NOT HAVE A 2:00 CALL --- I think most folks are just too damn busy.
> So, if there is a question, problem, disagreement, etc on language please
> work it out amongst yourselves and send me new language if applicable.
> Remember this is due to Rick BY 5:00 PM TODAY!!!!!
>
> Call me with questions,
> Delaney
>
>   
>                                       Name: REVISED Merged Leg Language.doc
>    REVISED Merged Leg Language.doc    Type: Microsoft Word Document (application/msword)
>                                   Encoding: base64


