

FYI, there is no official meeting with Chavez.
m
---------------------- Forwarded by Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT on 02/14/2001 
03:19 PM ---------------------------

Mike and Eric -- I have checked with the DC office (as well as Steve Kean and 
Rick Shapiro), and we're unable to confirm that a meeting will take place 
between Bush and Chavez.   As  you can see from the note below, Tom Briggs 
suspects that the confusion stems from Bush's scheduled participation in the 
upcoming Trade Summit.   Also, Bush is scheduled to meet with Fox later this 
week.   

I will work with Tom and others in the DC office to ensure that our Venezuela 
project -- and other LNG projects -- get the appropriate attention and 
support from the Administration.    In that regard, we will provide talking 
points to the relevant administration officials travelling with the President 
to the FTAA meeting.   I will work with the commercial LNG counterparts to 
get the necessary background details.

Please let me know if you would like to discuss.

Lisa
----- Forwarded by Lisa Yoho/NA/Enron on 02/13/2001 08:59 AM -----

	Tom Briggs
	02/13/2001 08:03 AM
		 
		 		 		 
My contacts have not been able to confirm that a meeting will take place 
between Bush and Chavez.  They suspect the confusion stems from Bush's 
scheduled participation in the Summitt of the Americas to be held April 20-22 
in Quebec.  The Summit may address the FTAA (Free Trade Agreement of the 
Americas) and will provide an excellent opportunity  to raise LNG issues. 

Enron is putting together a hit list of issues that we should raise at this 
meeting and we should add LNG, especially given th eimposrtance of LNG to the 
US gas supply position.

As I wander the halls of Congress talking about energy, it would be very 
useful to have talking points on our LNG projects and the overall prospects 
for LNG imports.  I do not want confidential information, but it would be 
great if I cann state that LNG imposrts would be less than current spot 
prices.  Can you put together some talking points for me please?

