

Rick,

I was able to speak w/Greg and Mike McConnell on your Napa Valley 
conference.  Unfortunately, Greg nor Mike are able to attend.

Many Thanks,

Liz Taylor









Greg -

Thanks for giving some additional thought to sending an Enron representative 
to
Chase H&Q's Energy and the New Economy conference. I think your suggestion of
Mike McConnell is great  -- in fact I saw a piece on energy e-business in
Sunday's Chronicle in which Mike was heavily quoted albeit in his former role 
as
CEO of Enron Global Technologies. I don't know Mike well but met him a couple 
of
times in London in connection with a financing that Chase led on the TGTL
situation.

Anyway, you had asked about other presenters and format.

The format will be a panel dicussion during which each company will give a 10 
-
15 minute business overview probably in a powerpoint format with books for
audience members to take away. Following the formal presentations there will 
be
questions both from the floor and from the moderator to be addressed by all
panel members.

Assuming that EnronOnline is able to participate on the Energy Exchange panel
the moderator will be yours truly -- so I'll be serving up some softballs for
Mike.

The other confirmed panelists for the Energy Exchange session are:

Houstonstreet.com -- Howard Smith
Enemetrix.com - John Gaus
Downstream.com - John Ireland

We are expecting good attendance from industry (both incumbants as well as new
economy types) as well as from the buyside. So far there are over 100
participants and I expect we see a number of additional confirmations between
now and the conference.

Logistically, Mike would need to fly to San Francisco on Wed Sept 20 -- we 
will
work with him on transport up to Silverado Resort in Napa Valley. The panel 
will
be first thing on Thursday Spet 21 (probably around 9 am) after which Mike 
will
be free to attend other conference sessions, play golf, tour wineries or
whatever.

The full list of sessions  includes:

Distributed Generation
Communications
B2B
Investor Perspectives
Energy Exchanges
Energy Retail
Venture Stage
European New Energy



