

Stan,
      Last week we coordinated with Steve Kean, Rick Shapiro, Joe Hartsoe and the Washington office, so that they would make sure that our objections (as outlined in Dennis's communication below ) to certain portions of Bingaman's proposed legislation would be heard. They've all been working on the issue this week and will continue through the Bingaman hearings. Williams, El Paso and Duke have all done the same.

Dan   

 


Please advise as to what you want to do.
 

Stan, this has the attachment I refer to in the prior email.


Organization: TransCanada
X-Accept-Language: en,es


Tom, as you probably are aware Senator Bingaman is holding hearings on the Alaskan pipeline situation next Tuesday in Washington. As Foothills and ANNGTC, 
Mike Stewart and I are going to be appearing before that committee. Other notables will be the producers and state of Alaska. We will be finalizing our prepared 
remarks on Monday and I will undertake to email a copy prior to our appearence. The basic messages will continue to be: 
  
  
          a view that no legislative action is required at this time. In fact, any unsettling of the legislative status quo may actually slow down the overall commercial         process pariticularly if two conflicting statutues were to be put in place.
          genuine commercial activity is progressing, both in terms of dealing with the liabilities issue within ANNGTC and a commerical proposal to the      producers     from a reconstituted partnership
          ANGTS continues to remain a viable and expeditious means of bringing this resource to market within decade, particularly from the broadest      stakeholder   perspective

We have been advised by our Washington counsel that it would be extremely helpful if the Withdrawn Partners ,or "to be" re-enlisted Partners, would provide the 
Chairman will some communication on thier view of the need for any legislative initiative at this time. 
I understand Williams is intending to communciate to the Chairman in this manner. 
I offer you the following attachment drafted by our Washington counsel for your consideration as a basic framework if you see merit for Enron in providing a 
contribution to Senator Bingaman. 
However you wish to proceed, I dutifully provide you with a copy of our prepared remarks prior to our appearence.
 - VANDOC_109208_1.doc << File: VANDOC_109208_1.doc >> 