

Cindy, 
    No.  This are working meetings which kick off the due diligence review for each of the withdrawn partners. So, everyone will be sending their worker bees only.

Dan  

 

Danny:   Does Stan need to attend these?

 


Hi everyone,

The following is an update on the timing of meetings for next week.  Note
that we have moved the Regulatory Session to October 11th.  Curt Moffatt
(from Van Ness) is not available next week due to the ANGTA Senate hearings.
I believe that you will appreciate having Curt at the session once you see
the knowledge that he brings on such matters.  Please let me know if this
will work with your schedules.

Could everyone confirm your attendance for the meetings next week with the




for each individual attending:

		Name, Title
		Company and Address
		Phone, Fax, and Cell

The rescheduling of the Regulatory Session has allowed us to consolidate
some of the other sessions.  We will now be starting the meetings on Tuesday
morning at 8:30 AM and finish by Noon on Friday.  This will allow everyone
to come in on Monday afternoon and return on Friday afternoon.  The schedule
of meetings will now be as follows:

Engineering / Technical Review  - Tuesday, October 2nd and Wednesday,
October 3rd

*	Original design basis for ANGTS
*	Historical information available (route surveys, soil testing, etc.)

*	Review technology advancements
*	Review cost estimate for 2.5 to 4 bcf/day pipeline
*	Review J-curve options for alternate size pipeline
*	Right of way status
*	Environment status
*	First Nations status

Liabilities Review - Thursday, October 4th, AM

*	Review history of TAPS and current status and strategy
*	Review history of Design and Engineering Agreement, current status
and strategy
*	Review Special Charge history, current status and strategy

Commercial Review - Thursday, October 4th, PM and Friday, October  5th, AM

*	Review historic Tariff principles
*	Discuss options to modernize Tariff in the US and Alaska
*	Review economic model assumptions
*	Review toll sensitivities
*	Discuss ANGTS advantage

And the following week:

Regulatory Review - Thursday, October 11th

*	Review history of Treaty, President's Decision, and Certificates
*	Review ANGTA and NPA
*	Political overview: Alaska, Washington, Canada
*	Discuss status of Enabling legislation in Washington


All meetings are at Foothills Pipe Line office.  The address, contact and
meeting information is as follows:

707 Eighth Avenue S.W.
General phone number: 294-4111

Meetings will start at 8:30 AM.  Meeting room TBA (details in the next
email).

In addition to the presentation material we will have some information
available in binders for you to take back with you.  Additional information
will be available for viewing in a document room that we are preparing.
Please let me know if you want to set up a time in subsequent weeks to
review these documents.

Please note that the information that will be presented, handed out and
available for review/copy is confidential.  Please ensure that your company
has signed the Confidentiality Agreement prior to the start of the meetings
next week.  Please contact Tony Palmer at TransCanada (403-290-2035) with
questions on the CA.

Please forward any questions or comments to me at 403-294-4425 or via email


Thanks.

Marty Heeg
Vice President, Northern Development
403-294-4425