
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Williams III, Bill\Sent Items
X-Origin: WILLIAMS-W3
X-FileName: 

This all looks good.  The real time phone number is 1-800-684-1336...

Thanks for the hard work.

Bill

 
Cc:	Williams III, Bill; Ngo, Tracy; Yoder, Christian

If Bill finds this language agreeable, you can cut and paste my revision and send it to the customer, with the following caveats that you must communicate to the customer:

1.  We can do the load following service under the WSPP.  We cannot commit to term transactions without an EEI Master Power Purchase and Sale Contract in place

2.  If the customer is interested, we can negotiate a more formalized contract for this service.

3.  I reserve the right for Credit or Legal to change our mind about this arrangement and require a more formal contract at any point in the future.  If I change my mind, though, I'll give everyone plenty of notice.

4.  If the customers' lawyers or contracts personnel have any questions about this arrangement, or doing business with Enron in general, I am available to meet with them by phone or in person.

Steve



 

THis works for me!


Stewart

 
Cc:	Williams III, Bill

[Try this on for size.---sch]


Enron is interested in assisting Grays Harbor, Benton and Franklin with load balancing by buying and selling power in the real time market.  When requested, Enron will  provide competitive bids and offers on an hourly basis.  To help us provide you with the most competitive prices we can, we ask that you communicate all trades to us at least 45 minutes before actual physical delivery would occur.  We can do transactions on shorter notice, but it is more difficult to ensure a competitive price as the time for physical delivery nears.  In addition, as you may be aware, the wholesale power market can only accomodate transactions involving quantities of energy that are in whole MWs; i.e., there is no market for partial megawatts.  Therefore, each transaction must be at least 1 MW, and we would prefer, but not require, that you transact with us in volumes of at least 5 MW.

Contact

Enron Real Time Phone:		1-800 __________-

Bill Williams:			503-464-3730

Stewart Rosman:		503-464-3810


 
Cc:	Williams III, Bill

Steve here is my thoughts on the comercial language that should be in the contract

Enron is interested in assisting Grays Harbor, Benton and Franklin in load balancing by buying and selling power in the real time market.  Enron will engage its best efforts to provide the strongest bids and offers on an hourly basis.  The timing of when Enron is informed of the PUD's positions will have a large affect on the prices received.  Enron would appreciate all trades to be communicated at or before 15 minutes past the hour for the following trading hour.  In addition, Enron can only trade integer power volumes due to the wholesale power practices.  As a result, the minimum power quantity must be at least 1 MW.  Enron prefers power volumes to be at least 5 MW.  

Contact

Enron Real Time Phone:		1-800 __________-

Bill Williams:			503-464-3730

Stewart Rosman:		503-464-3810