

Maybe I'm wrong, but I don't think we've done that on the other two deals.  
Kathleen would know.







For the escrow.  Unfortunately, Citibank's form contained the following
language in the signature block: "In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the corporate seal of the Company this ______ day of May,
2001."





Is this for the escrow or other docs?  I know Citibank does not require a
corporate seal.  What BS!

Kathleen is out sick, so it will be a day or two.

Kay










Kathleen:

Paul Hastings would like ENA to resign the Incumbency Certificate, since
the
original Certificate did not affix the corporate seal.  Could you
coordinate
this and make sure the seal is affixed to the new Certificate?  Thanks.

Call me if you have any questions.

Regards,

Marisa







                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not
the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete
all copies of the message.


(See attached file: Reuter, Maria I. (Business E-Mail Address).vcf)





                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.




