

I could see accruing $100,000 for legal fees on the ONeOk arbitration--which will be concluded in May.  We could also reserve against OneOk's counterclaim--which is about $4 million.  We expect a final arbitration decision 15 days after close of the hearing which should be well within the 2d quarter.  We may decide to use post-hearing briefs, however, which might push the decision into the third quarter.  Let me know if either of these is worth pursuing.  DF    




Guys - anything we can do on the environmental side???

Drew & Mike - any thoughts on legal fees????

 
Cc:	Apodaca, Vera
Importance:	High

We reviewed the forecast with Stan this afternoon, and Stan requested that we do everything possible to accrue as much expense in March as we can (to the benefit of 2nd and 3rd quarters).  I recommend that you focus on larger amounts.


Please send your projections to Vera as soon as possible.

Lou,  Are there any environmental or PCB reimbursements that we could legitimately accrue in March?

Thanks for your help!
Elaine 



03/27/2001 06:51 AM
Morris Brassfield
Morris Brassfield
Morris Brassfield
03/27/2001 06:51 AM
03/27/2001 06:51 AM



  	 	



It appears today that ETS will end the first Quarter with at least $25 Million additional dollars due to improved Revenue Margins.   This assumes that Operations will end the Quarter Flat with Plan.   If we end up under Plan, then it adds to this amount, and of course if we end up over it subtracts.

It is imperative that we provide to Vera an accurate projection of where we will end this quarter, asap, but no later than Thursday of this week.

Our preference would be to push as much of this $25 million into the second or third quarter.

We should make every effort to project our spending for March, compare our actuals to plan for January and February and provide Vera this projection.

We should also look to the outer quarters to see if we know of any major payments we have to make during these quarters and accrue for them.   We should also get with all our AP clerks and make sure that we have paid all the bills we possibly can before the end of this week, including working Saturday, if we have to.

Shirley Jo - please make sure that we have properly received everything through the system that can be properly accounted for.

Thanks,

mb





<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>