

The Agreements between Enron Energy Services, Inc. and Green Power Partners I LLC, are for a term endinging December 31, 2002.  The Agreement between Fetzer Vineyards and Enron Energy Services, Inc. is for a term ending April 30, 2002.  The Agreement between Lost Arrow, Inc. (Patagonia) and Enron Energy Services, Inc. is for a term ending December 31, 2002.

Additionally,  Enron Energy Services, Inc. has entered into various agreement(s) with Enron Power Marketing, Inc. to sell additional "green tickets" from the Greeen Power Partners I LLC facilities in California:

EESI sells to EPMI, 1MW ATC, through December 31, 2001 (EPMI sells to EEMC)
EPMI sells to EEMC, 1MW ATC, through June 30, 2003
EESI sells to EPMI, 21 MW's, Sundays Off Peak, through December 31, 2002 (EPMI sells to LADWP)
EESI sells to EPMI, 14 MW's, Sundays ATC, through December 31, 2002 (EPMI sells to LADWP)

I do not know for sure how whether or not EPMI still plans to deliver to EEMC and/or LADWP, however if they plan to continue these sales and depending on our decision relative to Fetzer Vineyards and/or Lost Arrow, Inc. (Patagonia), we may want to keep the Green Power Partners I LLC Agreement alive.  I have discussed the EPMI deals with LADWP with Chris Foster, EPMI Portland Office and am currently awaiting an answer from Chris as to the current status with LADWP.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Richard Ring
 

 
Cc:	Merril, Deborah D.; Ring, Richard; ','

In this case there is a product element because at least the 2 retail contracts I named require us to serve green. If we assume them, we have to have green to serve.

 
Cc:	Merril, Deborah D.; Ring, Richard; ','

I thought the call on whether a contract is rejected was an economic call and not a product call.  If this is not the case then could we be forced to swallow the other discount off tariff contracts we  intend to reject?

Further, we need to know what the revenue is against this purchase to make a call on the economics.  

Richard - Do you have the Patagonia Contract? And/or any of the other green power transactions that EES has entered into with customer's?

 
Cc:	Merril, Deborah D.; Ring, Richard; ','

Sounds like the economic justification for rejection is clear.  However, we need to be sure that we are not going to keep any customers where we have a contractual requirement to serve green power (Fetzer; Patagonia).  If we are comfortable that we are not, I think we can reject.

MDS

 
Cc:	Merril, Deborah D.

take a look at this. Unless there is a customer or regulatory reason to keep this, PPA, it would seem to me that we would want to reject this contract.

Thoughts/comments so we can proceed.

Jeremy

 

FYI...  Hope this helps in your decision making. - MO

 

Murry,

Our forward curves show SP-15 power at $26.57/MWh for the period 02/01/2002-12/31/2002 (note that this does not include the discount for unit-contingency that usually accompanies wind power).  Green tags trade in the market for about $1.50/MWh.  Under the "Green Tickets Sales Agreement" it appears that EES has agreed to pay $39/MWh minus the market price of power, which is approximately $12/MWh for Green Tickets using our forward curves.

Let me know if you need any additional information.

Todd

 

Attached you will find two agreements EES has with ENRON Wind. 

1- Green Ticket Purchase Sale Agreement (PPA)
2- Scheduling Coordinator Service Agreement

With EES & ENA bankruptcy and the fact that Enron Wind has not been paid for the generation back to the month of November through current, Enron Wind is attempting to move their needs to APX for SC Services.  I also think they were looking for someone else to purchase their energy.  

I put a temporary stop on their actions but we are going to need to review these contracts to determine if we want to continue operating under them.

Please let me know your thoughts as soon as possible.

Thanks - MO

 

aka Enron Wind.

 

 << File: Green Tkt Sales Agrmnt_Green_Pwr_Prtnrs.pdf >>  << File: Green Tkt Sched Agrmnt_Green_Pwr_Prtnrs.pdf >> 

Chris Choate
Enron Networks
(713) 853-7370