

Does Rob want to meet on Oct 5?  If yes, I want to be done by 10:00.   Mark
----- Forwarded by Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT on 10/03/2000 06:05 PM -----


	09/28/2000 04:57 PM
		 

		 		 
Three things:

I attach a copy of the memo on the federal electronic signature law that we 
discussed this morning.  Mark and I will discuss with Alan his original 
proposal of adding a footer to company emails and get back to the group.  
Until then no footer will be added.  

With respect to Paulette, I understand that each of you agree to bear your 
proportionate share of her cost for the budget year 2000--although the basis 
of that allocation is still to be agreed.  

Finally, we agreed to discuss what projects we would like for our technology 
committee to undertake.  I propose that we discuss this topic during next 
Thursday's meeting--since Jim will be out of town we can have this meeting in 
lieu of the regular meeting.  I think having this discussion now would be 
helpful and I think the technology group would greatly benefit from the 
meeting as well.  Let me know if that is acceptable to you.  

Thanks.



----- Forwarded by Rob Walls/NA/Enron on 09/28/2000 02:12 PM -----

	Nora Dobin
	09/20/2000 03:53 PM
		 
















		 
As I mentioned at our last meeting, we have been working with issues of 
electronic contracts and signatures in Global Finance, especially in the 
development, implementation and ongoing operations of the DealBench Internet 
site.  Vinson & Elkins has been working with us on DealBench and related 
e-commerce matters.  Attached for your information is a V&E memorandum on 
electronic contracts and signatures under federal, Delaware, New York, Texas 
and certain uniform laws.  

As a postscript to the meeting minutes circulated today, Enron Corp., some of 
its affiliated entities and third parties successfully are using the 
DealBench site for various types of transactions.  

Let me know if I can help or provide additional information on any of these 
matters.

Regards, NJD


