
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Love, Phillip M.\Sent Items
X-Origin: LOVE-P
X-FileName: phillip love 6-25-02.PST

take a look at them.
PL


 


 

Exec-u-Trak is currently working on over 50 positions in the following  states: 
Ohio California Minnesota Pennsylvania Michigan Arkansas Texas 
Louisiana Washington Tennessee Illinois Florida Virginia Alabama 
Arizona South Carolina Missouri New York 
Open positions cover a wide range of responsibilities including CFO,  Reimbursement, Patient Accounting and Business Office, Controller and  Consulting. 
Attached are positions open and listed through HFMA's Exec-u-Trak  Confidential Resume Referral Service. This list is sent to you monthly for your  information and distribution to Chapter membership via meetings, newsletters  and/or your web site. Because Chapters change many leadership positions, if  there is a more appropriate person in your Chapter that should also receive this  information, please let us know by name, email address and Chapter.  
Many organizations are in process of finalizing their recruitment plans and  budgets. We wanted to remind you of The Healthcare Financial Management's  Exec-u-Trak's annual option that will allow organizations unlimited access to  the program. This is more cost effective than individual ads or other  independent actions, especially if staffing plans call for at least two  recruitment efforts. 
We have attached some preliminary information to review share with members  and Human Resources professionals. 
HFMA's Exec-u-Trak has over 2500 members in its database, presented more than  120 positions this year and continues to serve both members and organizations in  the recruitment process. If you are aware of organizations that can take  advantage of our services, please do not hesitate to have them contact me  directly. 
If you have difficulty opening any of these attachments, the list and program  details are available at 
www.ndi-services.com/hfma.htm 
Dave Kosteva 
NDI Services 
HFMA Exec-u-Trak Administrator 
810 225-6239 
800 252-HFMA x631 (messages only) 


 - HFMA Opportunities.doc 
 - New Service- NewEmail.doc 