

I can use a conference room at enron if people want to get together downtown , 
all items to be carried in unmarked bags though 

 

September 8th it is!  franchise players to be named by 8/31!
draft will be 11-12 ish but where?  dan has volunteered his house (pearland)...we can do it at mine (katy)...or anywhere else that might
be more centrally located?
jody has shown interest for years and even held the draft at his place
a few years back (the infamous pool basketball tournament...and the black
eyes which resulted from it....and let's not forget the HAWK/rotweiller -C
 URBY/warlock doberman showdown).  i say we give him the first
opportunity.

jody,
once we figure who has designated a franchise player then the remaining
teams without one have what we call a supplemental draft....basically a
catch up round.  there is one catch for those who pick franchise players....
when we draw numbers for the 1st "official" round they pick at the bottom
because they have the best players in hand.

sorry if i'm being the brother at arms but we need to finalize asap.  the cost
is $225????  someone please confirm.   jody, john szallai is back in town
and wants in on the action and i will share a team with him if necessary
or you can???  we also vote at every draft what upcoming changes we
desire for the following year.





Malone has officially kicked Stockton off the team...therefore, I will be
jumping to the weak ASS north (A DREAM COME TRUE FOR ME) to join Malone
(although our name will change) and leave my Southern team in the capable
hands of my co-owner Jeff.  Dutch has said that he will be back.  Thus, that
is 3 teams spoken for.

S & M RULES!!!










Well it seems that Kevin has already done plenty of work on this.  I'm glad
to see that plenty of people are still interested and planning on being
there.  Dan's e-mail is bouncing back - so Ty try and get in touch with him,
and Jody if need be.

I'm assuming that the franchise player issue for next year will be voted on
at the draft, as usual.  Kiske, a motion to eliminate Tight Ends?

Current status quo - franchise players were voted on at last year's draft
and will be allowed for this season, but we will be voting on whether or not
to eliminate them for upcoming seasons.

Everyone comfortable with announcing your franchise player by August 31?

I'll designate my franchise player as Edgerrin James.
I vote for September 8th as well,  11 or 12 is fine with me.

Michael












dan and i are in...probably bj as well.  bj and i are totally against
franchise players and if we are keeping them then they should be
announced (as usual) prior to the draft.

jody...care to join us????




I sent an E-mail to Deluke and others and was told that the agreed upon date
was Sept 8...mainly due to the previous weekend being Labor Day.  I would
prefer our usual start time around 11 or 12.  I have somewhere else to be
around 5pm or so.  We also agreed to divulge franchise players and determine
draft order the day of the draft.  If anyone has issues...then speak now.

Later,

Kevin

----- Original Message -----








>
> Yes that time has come upon us again - fantasy football for the 2001
season.
> I'm sure I echo everyone's feelings about the loss of Rick Pearce.  It's
> been a tough summer because of it.  Since Rick took care of much of the
> Commissioner's duties the past few years, we are in a void.  That being
> said, I want to start this process of keeping our league intact.  Please
> respond as quickly as possible and let me know your intentions as far as
>
> (1) playing in the league
> (2) preference for a draft date (September 1 which is Labor Day Weekend,
or
> September 9)
> (3) anyone you know who might be interested in joining the league.
>
>
>
> Thanks
>
> Michael Currie
> Barking Spiders
>


>
