

LeMetrice is either a director or senior director under Jenny - kind of a second in command.  She worked extensively on the original 2002 budget for Infrastructure and put together some data on functions within the Infrastructure group that gave a somewhat layman's explanation of the various services provided.   We have already gone through the process of rebudgeting dollars and headcount for 2002, post bankruptcy and December 2 lay offs, and with the projected Netco spin off.  It is likely that LeMetrice has all of those details.  So despite a somewhat short answer from Jenny, she was actually on target to refer you to her.   -Sally 

 


i venture that this is a little less than totally helpful......

 
Cc:	Funkhouser, Shanna; Beck, Sally; Dopson, LaMetrice

Barry,  Please contact LaMetrice Dopson for that information.  Thanks.  JR

 
Cc:	Funkhouser, Shanna; Beck, Sally


Jenny,

Whilst undestanding that you do provide shared services - could you maybe give me a little more detail on what areas you support, what offices/locations, relationship with NetCo, Wholesale, Pipelines etc...What was your allocation methodology for the 2001 budget?

My goal here - for Jim - is to understand how many bodies (& related cost) it is going to take to support the Wholesale Post Bankruptcy actvities - as we are doing for all support and commercial functions - so we can complie a fwd cash forecast.

Any education would be appreciated. An org chart would also help.

Thanks.

Barry.
 
Cc:	Funkhouser, Shanna; Hankamer, Cecilia; Curless, Amanda; Kinningham, Laura; Jones, Robert W.- HR Exec; Craig, Braedi

The Infrastructure group provides shared services and people are not designated to specific business units.  

 
Cc:	Funkhouser, Shanna; Hankamer, Cecilia; Curless, Amanda; Kinningham, Laura; Jones, Robert W.- HR Exec; Craig, Braedi
Importance:	High

Dave Delaney and Jim Fallon need the following information for a meeting tomorrow at noon.   They need to know which BU all ENW and ISC employees support (i.e. EGM, EIM, EBS, EES, and ENA). 
I've provided all the employees that remain in the estate in the spreadsheet below for you.   There's a tab for each of you with all of your Estate employees listed.    Please designate which company each employee supports and return by 11 AM tomorrow.   
I apologize for the short notice. 
Thanks for your help. 
H
 << File: FallonDelaneyrpt.xls >> 