

Is this OK with you for yur financial agreement?
----- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 08/17/2000 04:51 PM -----

	Stacey Richardson
	08/17/2000 04:49 PM
		




		 
OK, guys, based on Adnan's information from the counterparty, all contracts 
under Northern Illinois Gas Company will be changed (via name overlay) to 
Nicor Gas Company once Adnan has received the proper name change 
documentation.   Since no changes have been made in GCP to correct the HQ 
company and trade name relationships, the recent ISDA contract was set up 
under Nicor Gas Company.  Once these changes are made in GCP, the contract 
can be changed to the trade name if still needed at that time.

I apologize for all the confusion and hope this helps all parties concerned.

Thanks,
Stacey









Per my conversation with Nicor Gas Company's attorney, Northern Illinois Gas 
Company changed its name to Nicor Gas Company. Therefore, Nicor Gas Company 
is the only entity that all the deals needs to be booked under. However, the 
attorney also agreed to the fact that they do use the name "Northern Illinois 
Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company" eversince the name change happened. He 
said they had been using both names "contractually" and interchangeably even 
though it is all just ONE company, one state registered company.

I'm currently waiting on name change documents, however this is what it looks 
like thats going to happen:
The main HQ company would end up being NICOR GAS COMPANY with all the 
trades/contracts/deals being merged into one record. However, if need be we 
could have a Tradename set up as "Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor 
Gas Company" since this is how the company does business as, in some cases.

Nicor's legal Dept could be reached at (630) 983-8676 for any further 
clarifications in this matter.

Adnan Patel
Global Counterparty
x58335





There appears to be confusion over who and what products we should be trading 
with these entities.

We have an ISDA Master Agreement in place with Northern Illinois Gas Company 
d/b/a Nicor Gas Company.  This is a new master.  If the counterparty is not 
set up this way it need to be.

Physical gas has a master in place with Northern Illinois Gas Company.

There is no master agreement in place with Nicor Gas Company and the only 
trading being done with this entity is online gas trading.

The issue that needs to be resolved is whether we want to trade gas under 
both Northern Illinois Gas Company and Nicor Gas Company.  Frank Davis will 
resolve this issue with Tom Moran in Credit and Stacy Dickson with physical 
gas Legal, and they will let us know who we should be trading with.

When we hear back from them we can finally resolve what counterparty names we 
want to set up and get back to the counterparty if we have not received the 
correct Password Application to match out intended trading partners.

Sorry for all the confusion this is causing.  I am confused too.





