

When is the MISO set to go commercial?

 
Cc:	Roan, Michael; Rodriquez, Andy; Presto, Kevin M.; Sturm, Fletcher J.; May, Tom

Thanks Mike please keep you eyes open for similar initiatives in other markets.

Corry,Don, Keith, & Theresa our objective in attending the sessions below is to identify the gaps between how we operate in the market today and what the new world will be.  Your focus should be on new tools and process that will be required.  Please coordinate any regulatory/market concerns about the MISO with Michael.

Cory please consider sending a rep for scheduling requirements.
Don please consider sending a rep for market trials and hourly requirements.
Keith please consider sending a rep for control area operations requirements.
Theresa please consider sending a rep for market trials requirements and possible settlement issues.

Please forward to others that would be interested.


 
Importance:	High

Lloyd, attached is the email from the MISO.  Let me know who the contact person within your group is, i will work with Christi on a more formalised process to ensure that we are ready to enter the RTO environment on 12/15/01.

regards
Mike

 
Importance:	High


VIA EMAIL 
Friday June 29, 2001
The following  letter was sent today to the Midwest ISO Transmission Owners:
 
As we  move into the Market Trials period, I would like to reiterate how much the  Midwest ISO appreciates your support of our ongoing activities. 
To facilitate your participation in Market  Trials, we are providing two types of informative, interactive orientation  sessions.  One covers the  Electronic Scheduling Process and the other provides an overall Market  Trials Orientation.  These  sessions are designed to provide an essential overview of the drills, scenarios  and reviews necessary for your people to actively participate in the Market  Trials.
The Electronic Scheduling Process  session is available on three different dates in July and the overall Market  Trials Orientation session is offered on two different dates.  Because of the interactive nature of  these sessions the class size must be limited. Ideally, we would prefer no more  than two participants from each company. Please select the individual(s) from  your company who will attend these sessions, and forward the attached  registration brochure to them.   Please advise me if your needs exceed the requested attendance guideline  of two people per company. We will make every effort to accommodate your  request.
We recognize that asking you to sustain a  steady commitment of time, resources and manpower is an exacting demand.  Your confidence that your Market Trials  participants gain as much knowledge about the Midwest ISO's operational  abilities is equally important to us.
We are grateful for your continued support  of the Midwest ISO and look forward to working with you during the Market Trials  period. 
 
Sincerely,
 [IMAGE]
James  . Torgerson
President and  CEO
The Midwest  ISO
 

 - orientation registration 3.pdf << File: orientation registration 3.pdf >> 
 - clip_image002.jpg << File: clip_image002.jpg >> 