

Melissa Allen, formerly with Arthur Andersen and assigned to the Enron 
account, has taken over Beth Apollo's role for EEL.  She reports to Fernley 
Dyson, as did Beth.

I was in the London office last week.  As a result of some of my discussions, 
Mike Jordan asked that James Scribner make a visit to cover the operations 
pricing model and to discuss some issues around global counterparty 
database.  Mike has suggested that James come to London during the first week 
in February, which sounds as if it will coincide with your trip.  Please 
coordinate with James so that your agendas are in sync (in case of potential 
overlap) so that we don't convey a right hand/left hand lack of 
coordination.  Since your agenda mentions GCP, there may some meetings that 
you are planning that would be appropriate for James to join.  By copy of 
this memo, I am asking James to do the same with you.  Thanks.  


   
	
	
		


Greetings Sally!  Thank you for taking the time to attend our presentation, I 
truly hope you found it informative.  I definitely have a better 
understanding of your concerns with Risk and we will work towards resolving 
some of them.  Hopefully I can report some positive results at our next 
presentation.

I have a trip planned for London the week of Feb. 5.  My initial topics 
include:

GCP - NG Several meetings scheduled with Brian Lindsey Hunter and Gail Hill 
to discuss User Acceptance Testing, Test Scripts, Resources and Schedules.  

Global Systems Facilities and Contracts - Discussions with Gail Hill, Matthew 
Allen and others as identified to discuss Scope, Timing, Resources and 
Regulatory requirements.

Livelink/iRIMS - Discussions with Paul Jones regarding Vendor support,, 
Security Standards (Requirements and Elaboration), differences in security 
between Livelink and iRIMS, Standards Committee, current project status, 
testing, release of new versions, change management control, enhancements and 
processes.

Steve Whittiker (Michael Jordan sometimes joins us) -  System initiatives 
London and Houston, MKM, Envision, Global Systems.

I would also like to meet with Beth Apollo's successor if possible.  
Hopefully you can tell me who that is.



Regards

Joel

