

Haven't had the chance to look at the UT presentation yet.  That will make 
good airplane material tomorrow.  If I make any changes I will try to fax 
pages to you after David picks me up at the airport tomorrow.  If I don't 
make chanages, I will call you Friday afternoon after landing and let you 
know that.  My schedule has been really full here, but very productive.  

Thanks for your comments.,  I must admit, I am really excited about the 
promotion.  We can talk next week about what I hope to accomplish during this 
next year and where my major focus will be.  It will be helpful for you to 
know and understand that as we work together to make that happen.  I am 
certainly glad that you are here - my flight to London reminded me of your 
arrival about this time last year as I was heading to London.  Luckily a 
different reason for the trip this year, but still hectic.  I expect it to be 
a busy year.  

You will notice that I have blocked some times on my calendar to get reviews 
written and delivered.  Target is to be finished  by the end of January .  

I will talk with you on Friday afternoon and see you on Monday.  --Sally    


   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		


Sally,

Have you had a chance to look at UT presentation for Monday?  I will need to 
email final copy to Lexi by Monday morning (her flight is 2:00 PM) and she 
would like a cd for backup.  I can handle that.  She has supplied me with new 
dates for last page.  If you get a chance to review - just fax pages to me at 
713-345-8100.  If not, I can work on it monday morning.

Again, I am so happy for you.  It's such a BIG deal to be promoted to MD.  
Please share any thoughts you might have with me on how this affects my role 
as your assistant and what I can do to better assist you.  You know, this job 
that I have now with you is the job I have waited for all my life.  It is 
challenging, fast-paced, and has a lot of potential for growth.  You make me 
feel like I the work I am doing is important and valuable.   I have an 
enormous amount of respect for you as a person and of the work that you do 
and know that I am extremely lucky to have this job.  

Patti

