

In spite of the raging litigation, I agree with Bob.  I am not very 
interested.




	02/27/2001 04:54 PM
		 

		 
Bob, thanks.  I'll look this over, but if it is just more software to catch 
firms sending an extra associate to a deposition I'm not interested.  I think 
there is an art to managing outside counsel to get the best out them, and the 
approaches these systems follow is usually more harmful than productive.  As 
a result, I am usually pretty cool to these programs.  And I am certain that 
there is no way Kristina or Vicki will approve any payment to someone who is 
making a pitch from our business, if that is in the offing.  Sorry to be such 
a downer on this.  Maybe Richard is interested.  It does seem that the EWS 
litigation is raging out of control.

 
Cc: Cheek, Charles; Walls, Rob; Lawless, Michelle

Bob and Richard,

 I will send to you by hard copy the proposal that I received from Vantage 
Point Consultants-Rick Salomon referenced below. After you have had a chance 
to review give me your thoughts.

    Bob Vote

 

 Bob -

 Check with Bob Williams and Richard Sanders -- I'll defer to whatever the 
three of you decide (so long as the $5k doesn't come out of my budget!).  
Thanks.

 Rob

 
Cc: Cheek, Charles; Lawless, Michelle

Rob,
 Some time ago you received a copy of the letter from Rick Salomon of Vantage 
Point Consultants which included a proposal for making a presentation to 
Enron's Legal Department regarding management of outside counsel. The seminar 
would be targeted to those Enron attorneys who are litigation managers or 
otherwise supervise the work of outside counsel. The cost for the 
presentation is $5000. From talking to Mr. Salomon, I understand that his 
seminar is an effort to expose Enron's Legal Dept to what other companies are 
doing regarding managing outside counsel, and his ultimate hope is to be able 
to enter into an agreement to provide assistance to Enron in reducing its 
outside legal costs through a variety of methods, including fee arrangements, 
billing practices and procedures and the like. Mr. Salomon's list of clients 
is impressive. Would you like me to proceed with arranging the presentation? 
I'd be happy to discuss further.

    Bob Vote
