

----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 04/11/2001 07:19 AM -----


	04/10/2001 03:47 PM
		
		 		 		 11 April

Enrique Valero, our onsite project management, just sent the attached note. 
Most urgently, payday for about 300 employees is tomorrow, and the employees 
are expecting this check before the Easter holy week holiday starts.

If possible without violating the order, , we would like to get the employees 
paid. Bob, I can't remember how we solved this last time out, but I remember 
it was an issue. Please call so we can discuss.

 JWVS



	Enrique Valero
	04/10/2001 02:28 PM
		



		 served on EECC on April 10


	


John:

Please give further advise as how to operate down here in Tampico. We are in 
the middle of (3) Projects, where we (Enron/Cigsa) have commitments to pay 
out that are project related:
Labor
Labor Taxes
Materials
Consumables
Import Duties
Miscellaneous
Payment for Transportation of Structures (Barge/Tug)

The funds to pay the above are in CIGSA Construccion's name, although I am 
one of the two authorized signatures in the bank, and no funds can be moved 
unless I sign a check.

What is the impact of the below message on the above categories?

Also, what about when we CIGSA/Enron/ODB (CAByL) receive payments? CIGSA 
invoices CAByL and then the money is wired to Enron. What is the impact on 
this?

Please advise as soon as possible.

Regards,
EV



04/10/2001 02:14 PM
Mark Brand
Mark Brand
Mark Brand
04/10/2001 02:14 PM
04/10/2001 02:14 PM


on EECC on April 10


	

Enrique/Simm:

Please see John Schwartzenburg's note below.  We are to halt any further 
payments to, or on behalf of, CIGSA, effectively immediately until further 
direction by Mike Pearson.

Mark




----- Forwarded by Mark Brand/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 04/10/2001 02:10 PM -----

	John Schwartzenburg
	04/10/2001 01:53 PM
		 




























		 on EECC on April 10

EECC has just been served with a writ of garnishment from the 333rd Judicial 
District Court of Harris County  in connection with a judgment against 
certain CIGSA entities. In the writ, the court very unambiguously and very 
plainly commands that EECC is not to pay any debt or deliver any property to 
CIGSA pending further orders from  the court. The writ was issued to enforce 
an judgment  for $1.3 million awarded by the court against CIGSA in favor of 
Richard P Estrada. EECC is also commanded to appear before the court and list 
all funds/assets in our possession that might belong to CIGSA,  and to 
disclose what other persons we know ofif any, that might have such funds or 
assets.  The lawyer for Mr. Estrada is the same lawyer who successfully 
garnished EECC in the past to collect sums owed other CIGSA judgment 
creditors. 

Please take this prohibition as applying even to cases where CIGSA might be 
entitled to the money or the property under our contracts with them, or where 
the funds or property are in joint venture acounts or custody in the US or 
Mexico until we have had a chance to review matters in detail and make a more 
accurate assessment. In the meantime, effective immediately, do not make ANY 
payments to or on behalf of, or release ANY property to or on behalf of, any 
CIGSA entity without first obtaining legal department approval. The court may 
impose penalties for violations  of its garnishment order.

We will assemble an appropriate litigation team to work onthis matter. Randy 
Pais will be handling this for EEOS legal. I suggest that Mike Pearson and 
Mark Brand get the word out to the Project Management and Project Control 
teams on  this matter ASAP.

 

JWVS





