

Mr. Nimocks,

How long are you wanting Greg to speak?  What's the format for the 
presentations?  Will there be a Q& A after the presentation?

Many Thanks,

Liz







Thanks, Liz. I'll keep my fingers crossed.






Mr. Nimocks,

I don't know if you have spoken w/Greg as of yet.  However, I do know he is
trying very hard to work this into his schedule.  I'll get w/him again
tomorrow morning for an answer.

Many Thanks,

Liz Taylor
Exec. Assistant to Greg Whalley






cc:


Greg,
Certainly hope you can join us for the keynote session to describe one
year's experience with EOL and what's in store next.  Tim Ling, chairman of
TradeRanger -- the fourteen-company procurement consortium with BP Amoco,
Shell, Unocal, Total Fina and others -- has confirmed.  Still working with
the others.
Bob




August 17, 2000

Greg Whalley
Vice Chairman & CEO, Enron Net Works LLC
Managing Director, Enron Corp.
PO Box 1188
Houston, TX  77251-1188




Dear Greg:

To follow with my phone message, please consider accepting a keynote speech
for Interactive Energy, Tuesday morning, Oct. 24, in Houston. We've
confirmed either the head of the E-Commerce Practice or the North American
Energy Practice from McKinsey and have issued invitations to Tim Ling, the
chairman of TradeRanger (the Shell, BP, Unocal procurement hub), and John
Leggate, Group Vice President, IT at BP.

Interactive Energy has grown to be the largest and most prestigious
e-strategy event (see www.interactiveenergy.com).  Skilling gave the
keynote
last year, announcing the launch of Enron Online. Divisional presidents
from
Halliburton, Equiva, Vastar and Reliant Energy participated in the keynote
session.  More than 1,450 executives attended.  Given the large number of
early registrations and the strong program, we expect this year's to be
much
larger.

Ideally, you would give a one-year update on the growth of the EOL and
describe your vision for Enron's future e-business initiatives and
objectives in this area.  The target audience for the conference is senior
energy management who are integrating technology into their core business
strategies.

Interactive Energy 2000, which will have more than 100 speakers, will cover
technology development across five sectors:

1) Upstream
2) Transportation & Logistics
3) Processes (refining, petrochem, power gen. and gas processing)
4) Wholesale
5) Retail

Press Coverage:
The conference has been a high priority for the trade press as well as the
general media.  At previous years' events, we had editors from more than
twenty general business and trade publications, including the Wall Street
Journal, FT Energy, Oil & Gas Journal, Oil & Gas Investor, World Oil,
Bloomberg, PR Newswire, Dow Jones New Retrieval and others.  National
Public
Radio and All Things Considered aired interviews of our key speakers.  As
result of last year's success, we have numerous media sponsors this year,
including Energy Markets, McGraw Hill, Oil & Gas Investor, Houston Business
Journal, PR Newswire, Utility IT, Petroleum Economist, EnergyCentral.com,
Energy Commerce and others.

Benefits:

Enron Net Works will benefit in four ways:

?    First, you will educate customers and partners.  Cisco is bringing
some 70
senior utility executives from Europe to attend; they would be most
interested in your perspectives.  Energy buyers from such organizations as
Ford, United Technologies and e-Mall (an eight-state buying consortium)
have
attended in previous years.

?    Second, you will motivate management from such vendors as Ariba,
Luminant,
IBM, i2 and SAP and many others to develop IT solutions specific to Enron's
vision.

?    Third, you will educate employees.  Some 43 executives from Enron
attended
last year's event.

?    Fourth, you will persuade recruits.  Capable professionals in this
area
are in high demand. Rising stars of the energy industry will learn of
Enron's innovations and rapid growth.

I hope that your calendar is clear.  Look forward to the possibility of
working with you and your staff.  I'll call to follow up.

Yours respectfully,

Bob Nimocks
President
Zeus Development Corporation
2424 Wilcrest Dr., Suite 250
Houston, TX 77042
Main: 713-952-9500
Direct: 832-200-3706







