

I agree.  DF


   
	
	
		




Dynegy's  Request for Rehearing, Texas Eastern Transmission Corp., Docket No. 
CP95- 218-003  

Shelley,  we want the opinion to be upheld, so if this may help, I'd say yes 
let's participate.   MK











































Request for Rehearing, Texas Eastern Transmission Corp., Docket No. CP95- 
218-003




MEMORANDUM

TO:???? ??????? Regulatory Policy Commission 
FROM:?? Joan Dreskin 
DATE:?? ??????? January 31, 2001 
RE:???? ??????? Request to intervene and reply to Indicated Shipper and 
Dynegy's Request for Rehearing, Texas Eastern Transmission Corp., Docket No. 
CP95-218-003.

??????? On January 16, Indicated Shippers and Dynegy took rehearing of the 
Texas Eastern order that held that pipelines do not need preapproval from 
FERC to acquire capacity on other pipelines.? Indicated Shippers and Dynegy 
took rehearing on the following grounds: (1) The Commission order is 
procedurally defective in that it repeals a Commission regulation, 18 CFR o 
284.242, without following a notice and comment rulemaking procedures; (2) 
The old Texas Eastern policy has been effective, and has deterred the conduct 
it was intended to preclude; (3) The Commission order ignores crucial "rate 
impacts" associated with off-system capacity acquisition; and (4) The 
Commission's references to the ability of a pipeline acquiring offsystem 
capacity to release that capacity under the acquiring pipeline's tariff are 
unclear.

??????? Although the Commission's regulations do not provide for answers to 
rehearing requests, Dominion and Duke have asked that we intervene and 
respond to Indicated Shippers and Dynegy's request for rehearing in order to 
help the Commission formulate its decision.? As you may remember from INGAA's 
marketing affiliate comments, the Commission's December 14 order has a lot of 
excellent language in it, such as statements that holding offsystem capacity 
does not favor marketing affiliates, that INGAA wants to support.

??????? If Chairman Hebert wishes to keep his promise to do away with tolling 
orders, this rehearing would need to be acted on by Wednesday February 14, 
2001.? Accordingly, if INGAA wishes to be heard it must do so quickly.

??????? Please let me know by COB tomorrow whether you support INGAA 
responding to Indicated Shippers and Dynegy's request for rehearing.? If you 
agree, then I will proceed to get our Board of Directors' approval. 






