

Kristina, please see the messages below and let me have your thoughts re either Michelle or David serving as the Chair or both serving as Co-Chairs.  Thank you. Jim

 
Cc:	Derrick Jr., James

Hi, Jim.

We had a great group of people working on the CLE committee this year.  The committee was a combination of people identified by the various general counsels, plus people I knew and thought would be reliable volunteers.  I believe that one of the current committee members would be a logical choice to chair next year's law conference CLE program.  (I know that I would have felt a little more confident had I sat on the committee before taking the helm).

Although most of the committee members contributed to the effort, any of  the following lawyers would be strong candidates to chair next year's CLE committee:  Carlos Sole, Rose Engeldorf, Michelle Hicks, Susan Scott, Marianne Castano, Brenda Funk, or Kriste Sullivan.  David Koogler, who was not an active member of the committee, but nonetheless was responsible for a speaker, also would be a good choice (in fact, for some reason, EBS is under the impression that it is next on the list, so David and Michelle would not be surprised if they were tapped for the job -- co-chairs may be a good idea).

Let me know if you have any questions or would like any more information on the committee or other aspects of the law conference CLE program.

As I mentioned in my voice mail, I enjoyed chairing the committee and thank you for the opportunity.

Michelle



Michelle Cash
Enron North America Corp.
1400 Smith Street, EB 3823
Houston, Texas  77002
(713) 853-6401


This message may contain confidential information that is protected by the attorney-client and/or work product privileges.






Jim, I am so glad that the 2001 law conference went so well -- we have received many favorable comments from the attendees.  Today we had a post-conference meeting with the group that worked on the conference, and we went over what worked well and what didn't.  It was very productive.

One of the things that came out of our meeting was the need to promptly appoint next year's Chairman of the CLE committee.  Michelle feels that putting that person in place now will greatly aid in the transition from this year to next year's planning.  As a matter of fact, she is meeting with her committee for the last time next week and would love to announce the new chair at that time.

So, could you please think about to whom you would like to give that distinct honor?  I've asked Michelle to e-mail you information about her committee and her suggestions regarding a chair.

Thanks so much for your help and input.
