

TJ:
Please make sure that the Ercot RC is not billed for our portion of the customer trip.   If I can assist with this accounting,  let me know.    I dont wish to subsidize the other Hourly traders who are now able to attend this customer meeting at my expense.

In the future,   I need to be aware of any decisions that will adversely affect me or my group.
I am a Commercial Director and no one below this rank should be making decisions on my behalf without my knowledge.

I do realize what a large undertaking this trip was.   We werent able to secure a commitment from customers,  but I was confident that our spots could be filled internally ( with our group members).    I am sure that the overall headcount for this trip
did not change,  rather the allocation to each group was changed.

My goal is not to give you a hard time - I dont usually mention rank or make much of a big deal out of anything.
But I do expect a certain amount of respect given my rank,  profitability and that I have been here 8 years.
I try to extend the same courtesy to you and your staff.

JMF 




 

Thank you for the communication...I will add Steve and do my best to get him in all the activities.  Next time I will just be a pain in your ... I thought you realized how important it was at the time I gave you the note to finalize this trip.  They are a lot of work and we have to have all info. in at least a month to make room for changes or errors.

Sorry for the confusion.

 

Thanks for your reply.
Here's what I have learned from our conversation:
Since I have not gotten a specific response from my customers,  my spots were "captured" by Don and Juan's group?
I acknowledge that I have not relayed specific names for Reliant and TXU, as they havent responded after many calls,   but did not receive notice that I was to lose my spots.
I expected to be able to include my employees,  as Juan and Don have now done with my spots.

Don and Juan have invited my employee,  Steve Olinde,  with one of my original spots.   He will attend.

I am not trying to give you a hard time,  but I need to know who authorized filling my spots?

JMF



 

Well...the trip has been booked....at one time you had a few spots.  The only room we have now if for one. We used your spots because we never got your response so we filled them with customers.

Please let me know ASAP if Steve Olinde will be in that spot so that I can get his airfare booked and notify the hotel.

Thanks TJae

 



TJ -
How many spots does the Ercot RT group have for the LV trip in October?

JMF