



 


<< A few etiquette guidelines for men:

Any Man who brings a camera to a stag night may be legally killed or beaten
by his fellow partygoers.

Under no circumstances may two men share an umbrella.

It is OK for a man to cry under the following circumstances:
a. When a heroic dog dies to save his master
b. The moment Angelina Jolie starts unbuttoning her blouse
c. After wrecking your boss' car
d. One hour, 12 minutes, 37 seconds into "The Crying Game"

Unless he murdered someone in your family, you must bail a friend out of
jail within 12 hours.

If you've known a guy for more than 24 hours, his sister is off limits
forever, unless you actually marry her.

The minimum amount of time you have to wait for a guy who's running late is
5 minutes. Maximum waiting time is 6 minutes. For a girl, you have to wait
10 minutes for every point of hotness she scores on the classic 1-10
scale.

Bitching about the brand of free beer in a friend's fridge is forbidden.

However, feel free to gripe if the temperature is unsuitable.

No man shall ever be required to buy a birthday present for another man.

In fact, even remembering your buddies birthday is optional.

When stumbling upon other guys watching a sporting event, you may always ask
the score of the game in progress, but you may never ask who's playing.

It is permissible to quaff a fruity chick drink only when you're sunning on
a tropical beach... and it's delivered by a beautiful supermodel... and it's
free.

Friends don't let friends wear Speedos. Ever. Issue closed.

If a man's zipper is down, that's his problem. You didn't see nothin'.

Women who claim they "love to watch sports" must be treated as spies until
they demonstrate knowledge of the game and the ability to drink as much beer
as the other sports watchers.

Never hesitate to reach for the last beer or the last slice of pizza, but
not both. That's just plain mean.

Never talk to a man in a bathroom unless you are on equal footing: both
urinating, both waiting in line, etc. For all other situations, an almost
imperceptible nod is all the conversation you need.
