

One of the areas causing us legal heart-burn in the weather derivatives area 
here in the States is the insurance and re-insurance company counterparties.  
In most states there are different laws applicable to insurance companies - 
most of which are regulated - including entirely separate insolvency 
regimes.  Just another item for your radar screen.
---------------------- Forwarded by Mark - ECT Legal Taylor/HOU/ECT on 
02/16/99 11:11 AM ---------------------------


Scott Sefton
02/15/99 04:31 AM


FYI
---------------------- Forwarded by Scott Sefton/LON/ECT on 02/15/99 10:32 AM 
---------------------------


John Sherriff on 02/15/99 09:36:16 AM
Sent by: Iris Meunier

Dear all,

All activities in Europe with regard to Weather Risk Management products have 
now formally been amalgamated into a global weather risk management group 
managed by Lynda Clemmons in Houston.  Having concluded two transactions in 
Europe, the first being the first transaction of its type in Europe with 
Scottish Hydro-Electric and a second in the Netherlands, we are encouraged 
that the product will be as successful in the European market at managing 
volume risk due to adverse weather as it has shown to be in the US.

In London, Nick Mooney will be heading the European Weather Risk Management 
group reporting into Lynda in Houston.  Nick's group will be responsible for 
supporting all European Origination groups in the pricing and structuring of 
these products.  This management structure was put in place to enable all 
European origination groups to have the maximum support on strucutring 
weather products for their clients, ensure market development information and 
intellignece is readily and easily desiminated across Euopean groups and is 
designed to maximise the value to Enron of this new and exciting market. In 
addition to supporting orignators, the Weather group will be responsible for 
developing the hedge market for Weather Derivative Transactions with 
non-energy counterparties across Europe - including the Insurance, 
Re-Insurance, Finance, Broking and Retail sectors.

This new and exciting development in the risk management arena, is another 
example of where Enron again has developed a product to manage a risk, which 
was previously not manageable by our customers.


John Sherriff


