

Are we making sure everything is done on our end to liquidate and manage the EES retail positions effective 1/1/02.

 
Cc:	Wagner, Joseph; Misra, Narsimha; Day, Smith L.; Merola, Jeff; Bird, Richard; Frazier, Michael; Avs, Mallik; Woulfe, Greg; Presto, Kevin M.

I assume we are doing everything necessary to insure that we will have all of our customers switched for 1/1/02.  If anyone knows any different then please speak up now.  In all seriousness, we cannot accept mistakes or slip-ups on this one.  The pilot transfers appear to have been much more difficult than I would have anticipated.

Does everyone have the info they need?
Who is communicating with the ISO?
DO we have all of the data we need for the customers?
What are the deadlines for notification?
Does this group feel we need to get together to discuss any open issues?

Please let me know if anyone feels uncomfortable with our getting there.

Thanks,
Rogers

 
Cc:	Wagner, Joseph; Misra, Narsimha; Day, Smith L.; Merola, Jeff; Bird, Richard

Changes from last week in red.

Retail load
About 18 MW peak, 17 MW off-peak. 
October 4th - First account was switched. 
By November 6th - Remaining accounts will be switched
Issue - Some Lockheed Martin accounts that aren't in the batch.
Issue - Trying to get positions correctly reflected in positions report - Jeff Jackson
Issue - Data we are getting from RPS is incorrect.

Interface with EWS Wholesale
To date - Met with EPMI and discussed management (when will position be transferred? how? at what price?) of retail position. Tom May to discuss with Rogers. 
Issue - How will we pass through intrazonal congestion costs? This isn't an issue for the pilot, but will be an issue on 1/1/2002.

Intramonth book development
November 1 - Expect to have volume management/reporting capability. 
November 1 - Expect to have MTM calculations
???- Expect to have all other reporting capabilities functioning. Will meet with Richard Bird this week to develop a new timeline.

Working with CSC to develop a method to obtain actual customer usage on a timely basis.

Load forecasting
Issue - There is a significant difference (at least in % terms) between the Packaged Ice position per the positions report and Frazier's forecast. Appears the majority of this difference is due to some Packaged Ice accounts being booked more than once.
Issue - Forecasting by zone (vs. at the account level) may lead to inaccuracies in P&L reporting.

?	Customer switching process
Jeff Merola to determine roles and responsibilities

?	Site profile
Site profile desk has processed the pilot program deals. 
Met with the desk to discuss the other (non-pilot program) deals that we expect to switch 1/1/202. 

Thanks, 
Preston Ochsner
Commodity Risk Management
Enron Wholesale Services
713-345-3341