

I have sent the message again to make curves as accurate as possible through 2015.    We are doing are best.   The Entergy situation was simply a back office mistake.   The NY off-peak is a work in progress and will get better every day.   The legs never trade, only the cals, therefore, we have to use common sense for month values.

Thanks for the info.   In most cases, Narsima is exactly right.

 


FYI.


 

Here are the significant (non market related) curve changes that have effected our P&L in the last week...and also a working issue related with curve management.

PJM East Hub: 
   Summary : Hourly Scalars for East hub were changed, resulting in a ($2.3 million) loss.
   Reasons : Rob Benson had changed the West hub scalars a few months ago and those scalar changes never got transfered over to the East Hub curves. When the curve management function was moved from excel into the Enpower Curve Management system all the curves derived as a basis off West Hub curves started using the West Hub Scalars. 

Entergy Back End:
  Summary : Yesterday, Entergy 05 and beyond curves moved down in the range of $0.50/MWh to $1.65/MWh resulting in a loss of approximately $2.3million (held back because Mike Carson is fixing the curves today)

NY Curves:
  Summary : The onpeak and offpeak curves for NY Zones A, G and J require a thorough clean up especially with regards to the issues that are stated below. The P&L is still to be determined because curves have not been changed.


On Peak
1.  J-G Spread is marked over G-A Spread starting in Year 2009.
2.  J-A Spread blows up year on year, starting in Year 2005.

Offpeak
1.  Zone-G is marked above Zone-J half of the time;  occuring mostly in Q1, Q4 and Aug.
2.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-J every July in 2003-2006.  With the exception of 2002, for the month of July, Zone-A is marginally marked below Zone-J.
3.  Zone-A is marked above Zone-G for every July from 2003 to 2018 and Dec 2003.
4.  Zone-A, for every year, MarApr is over MayJun by a significant amount.
