
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Semperger, Cara\Sent Items
X-Origin: SEMPERGER-C
X-FileName: cara semperger 6-26-02.PST

Build route is a very vital part of what we use every day. Any change to it must go thru me.

The change in the Build Route for DART deals is a minor one, a check box on the user interface. Real time can run the report to show only DART deals, and they would be captured that way.

Please see me before any changes to the build route are discussed.


Cara

 

Cara:

Just so you know I have submitted a request to Bill Crook's group (Bill Crook took over Will Smith's old responsibilities).  I will keep you and Sean posted when IT made progress on this.  I am curious what this Build Route report is and how schedulers use it, generally speaking.  Also, I understand that you would like to see the DART products excluded (by a check box) in this report.  While they won't show up in this report in the future, where should the deal info show up in stead in order for Real Time scheduling to pick it up?  Do we need real time position manager modified accordingly as well?

Maybe next time when you run the Build Route report I can go over and watch a bit, if you don't mind.  Let me know.

Thanks,
Fran

 



 

I think that if the Enpower guys can modify the Build Route Reports to have a check box that says Exclude DART deals, and have it default to the checked position.

That should take care of it.

 (Both versions of build route, Will Smith will know what I am talking about). 

 
Importance:	High



 
Importance:	High

Sean:

Torrey Moorer in EOL IT group has created the Mid-C DART product on EOL.  In the future when a trade is done on EOL, it will be bridged into Enpower Deal Entry. However, although the "DART flag" will be on in deal entry, I believe for now it's informational only, and it's not doing anything to alert the schedulers.  I would like to know the rationale for creating this DART product and how you would like the schedulers in Day Ahead group (Cara's group) and Real Time (Bill's group) to see in their applications.  If I can get this info from you, I'll work with Enpower IT to put all necessary DART processes in place.  

Thanks,

Fran Chang
West Power Risk Management
503.464.7973 (phone)
503.464.3740 (fax)
            