

---------------------- Forwarded by Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT on 11/27/2000 
10:33 AM ---------------------------





Speaking of great to be back... we are heading to Kansas City on Saturday.
If O.U. plays in the National Title game we are going to try to go.  Any
interest? I can probably come up with some tickets.

Spring Break for us is also the 12th - 16th.  We have not made any other
plans.  Lets ski in Telluride.

Continental fly's direct from Houston to Montrose, but the flights book
pretty early.  I just checked and there are two flights per day and seats
are available. Let me know if you need help with your travel plans.  We will
go up on Friday the 9th and return on Sunday the 18th so whatever schedule
you can make is great.  We will have you picked up at the airport, no
problem.

Jonny


Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
X-MIMETrack: Serialize by Router on ENE-MTA01/Enron(Release 5.0.3 (Intl)|21 
March 2000) at11/26/2000 08:11:30 PM
Importance: Normal

Pelt,

Howdy from Houston.  I hope you had a great Thanksgiving.  I took the week
off and it was what i needed.  I have been working at a hectic pace and was
on my annual sick rotation, although a little earlier than normal.  I
needed the break.  My international traveling is over for the year, thank
God.

Chris and i were talking about life and vacations and spring break came up.
I thought i would send you our information and see if our breaks
co-ordinated and to see if we still wanted to try and get together to go
skiing.  We didn't know if you made other plans or moved on since our last
discussion a while ago.  Our spring break is March 12-16th .

Please let give an update via email when you get a chance.  I figured that
you are in Telluride right now on holiday.

Give my love to all.

Mike



PS - How about those Sooners!  OU/TX wasn't a fluke. Hard to believe, we'll
see what will happen with K State and bowls.  No matter, its been a fun
year.  It is nice to be back.



