

Mary,  I was out of the office on Friday and unfortunately have a conflicting 
meeting scheduled.  Please let me know what we need to do to work out the 
details.  






09/10/99 09:40 AM

Gerald, you've been selected as United Way campaigner for Enron North 
America's legal department.  For Enron's United Way campaign only, all of 
legal is included in Corporate.  We'd really like to have you attend our 
campaigner training session Monday.  See the details below and let me know if 
you can make it.  If you can't attend, I will send you instructions on what 
to do.  Mainly, it's distributing pledge cards to employees in your group and 
following up to see if they've turned in their cards.  I look forward to 
meeting you.

Mary
---------------------- Forwarded by Mary Clark/Corp/Enron on 09/10/99 09:21 
AM ---------------------------


Mary Clark
09/09/99 04:51 PM


















To  United Way Campaigners


ACTION REQUIRED!

You've been selected by your department head to be a United Way campaigner 
for employees in your group.  We are delighted to have you as a participant 
and look forward to working with you on this year's United Way campaign.  
We're already off to a great start with the solicitation of Enron's executive 
group.  You are the important link to employees, so your role as a campaigner 
will help Enron to achieve its 1999 United Way goal, which is $2,044,000.

We are hosting a training session for all Corporate Staff campaigners Monday, 
September 13, from 11:30 am. to 1 p.m. in EB47C2.  EatZi's will provide a 
delicious hot lunch and we, your hosts, along with a representative from 
United Way, will provide the "entertainment" -- giving you helpful tips on 
how to be a successful campaigner for Enron's United Way campaign.  We also 
will answer any questions you might have.

R.S.V.P. to Mary Clark by email or voicemail (3-7325) no later than Friday, 
so we can give a headcount to Eatzi's.   We do apologize for the short 
notice.  If you cannot attend, don't worry, we will send you the campaigner 
training materials.  

Thanks for your support.






