

Probably not If it is for NSM we might have it in McConville's old files. If it is Qualitech then I don't have it.




do you have this document please?



Lou,
 
I think Richard Sanders would have the other O&M agreement.  Do you want me to get with him or do you want to ask him for it?
 
Tammy


Cc: Battaglia, Tim


sounds good to me too...let me know how i can help.....did anyone ever find the O& M Ageement that sdi did on the other plant(?)

 
Cc: Battaglia, Tim 


Sounds good.  Let me know if I can assist.


Cc: Battaglia, Tim


I think we can put together a list of major topics that need clarification/discussion w/SDI, so those attending the meeting can deliver the message, if appropriate.  I suggest we (TD) take a shot at the first draft and circulate it later today.  Any other suggestions are welcome.
JC


Cc: Battaglia, Tim


do we need to meet before you go to sdi?

 
Cc: Battaglia, Tim 


Thanks Lou. 
 
After the meetings on 8/16-17, we should have a much clearer path to follow regarding SDI and Trico. 
 
I am anticipating that very soon after 8/16-17, we will be working closely in conjunction with SDI to develop a joint proposal.  Part of the discussion on 8/16-17 will be exclusivity, responsibilities, and resource allocation. All of these assumptions, of course, are dependent upon a positive response from SDI, and to date, there has been nothing to indicate that we wouldn't receive a positive response.


Cc: Battaglia, Tim


glad to sit down any time and brainstorm a couple of alternatives given the factors and be able to put something in front of sdi on an expedited basis....just let me know if and how i can help
 
Lou
 
 

 
Cc: Battaglia, Tim 



Trico update: 

I spoke with CSFB and told them that we are not at this time prepared to accelerate our bid process in keeping with their request earlier today to complete our due diligence this week and mark up the contract.

They will still provide us the opportunity to visit the data room and will also still forward us a copy of the contract.  But they will proceed with the other party on the accelerated timeline as a stalking horse bidder.  

The big unknown is will we be able to develop a structure with SDI that works and is quick  enough to participate in the final round of bids.

  
Cc:     Stoler, Lou; Mulrooney, Tammy L. 

Enrique and/or Javier, 

please forward copy of Trico bid to Lou. 

Lou, latest information from Jeff McMahon via Tim B is that we will not agree to the accellerated pace as offered by CSFB. We will be meeting with SDI on the 16th and 17th to discuss a joint approach to the assets and most likely to prepare for our response during the 20 day pre-auction date.

We will keep you informed as events further develop.  ANy advice/information from Bracewell regarding the bidding process and whether CSFB's proposed accelerated timeline can even be met?

Thanks, 

Tim 

  

could someone pls forward me a copy of the signed prelim bid...thanks 

Lou 

  

Hello Lou, 

Would you forward to me and ammy the timeline of the Trico assets through to completion of sale of assets. I need to recieve this as soon as possible for a meeting with Jeff McMahon and SDI.

If you need to compare notes with me, I will be happy to contribute. 

Thank you, 

Tim 
