

Scott --

Good to hear you were ok.  Let us know if you need anything.  I'm stuck in DC right now and trying to get home.

Jim

 


 

Jason - thanks -  i'm fine - talked to my mom and gave blood already - will keep in  touch

Scott, 
I know I  can't get a phone call through, so thought I'd drop you an e-mail. Thinking  about all my friends in New York and hope you're all safe.....Jason  
Jason Riley  
NOVOFORUM
10370 Richmond Ave #200
Houston , Texas   77042
832.201.3120 office  

See us at: http://www.novoforum.com   
Novoforum (Latin for  "New Markets") provides e-business infrastructure for manufacturing and energy  companies.  Novoforum creates competitive advantage for its clients  through cost-efficient solutions that enable supply chain integration and  collaboration with their key customers, suppliers and service  providers. 
This message is for the named person's use only. It may contain  
confidential, proprietary or legally privileged information. No  
confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission.
If  you receive this message in error, please immediately delete it and  all
copies of it from your system, destroy any hard copies of it and notify  the
sender. You must not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose, distribute,  
print, or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended  
recipient. CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and each of its subsidiaries each  reserve
the right to monitor all e-mail communications through its networks.  Any
views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,  except
where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to  state 
them to be the views of any such entity.
Unless otherwise stated,  any pricing information given in this message is 
indicative only, is subject  to change and does not constitute an offer to 
deal at any price  quoted.
Any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated  as 
preliminary only and subject to our formal written  confirmation.