

Gary,

1.  Correct
2.  Global tech drove and directed the PRC (performance review committee) for 
all of it's employees.  Enron ranks all of it's employees 2 times a year.  
The employees are examined and given feedback on their performance.  It is a 
very lengthy process but it is very fair and insures and identifies excellent 
performance.  The criteria for the rankings comes from a person's 
accomplishments, characteristics and customer feedback from numerous 
sources.  It is all on computer and when we discuss a persons performance and 
ranking, that feedback (primarily from the business unit) is a key driver.  
Plus, there are business unit reps on the PRC.
3.  I guess the way i would describe it would be that on every major 
expenditure and project, the commercial people involved helped drive the 
process as well as our group looking at it the same way.  An example would be 
that traditionally any IT group or technologist is in love this the latest 
and greatest technology.  and could look at embedding a new system in the 
company because it is the latest technology and is very cool.   I would ask 
what commercial function does it perform and how does it give us a 
competitive advantage.  It was a very customer driven (internal and external 
customers) process.  It was also a mind set and paradigm shift internally 
within the group because they started looking at themselves adding to the 
bottom line rather than simply a cost center.

I hope that helps.

Sincerely, 
Mike











Hi Mike, three more questions. I hope I'm not wearing out my welcome.

1. Is Philippe Bibi spelled correctly?

2. You said, "When it came to the review process itself, Global Technology
ranked all the employees and peers but the business unit had the greatest
influence on where the person actually ranked and was rated." I may not have
gotten this down correctly, but I don't quite understand it. Are you saying 
that
IT basically just lists the people but the business units actually rate them?

3. When you refer to taking a "commercial" view of technology, what do you 
mean
exactly and how is that new?

Thanks again.

Regards,
Gary Anthes

Gary H. Anthes, Editor at Large
Computerworld  (www.computerworld.com)
1331 Pensylvania Ave. NW;  Suite 505
Washington, D.C. 20004

202-347-0134 (voice)   202-347-2365 (fax)



