


Is this the book that was helpful  - should we order updates?
 


 
 
Report on "Electricity Restructuring, Reliability and  Transitional Pricing"
 
The updated and expanded third edition of our report  "Electricity Restructuring, Reliability and Transitional Pricing"  is now being distributed to electric utilities, public utility  commissions, municipalities, investment firms and interest groups.
This  comprehensive 350-page study provides a thorough overview of restructuring  concepts and programs in the USA and Canada, with a discussion and analysis of  recent problems. The following topics are covered:
Electricity Supply under Regulation  
Transition to a Competitive Market  
Market Power  
Effects on Costs and Prices  
Three Levels of Restructuring: Infrastructure, Utilities,  Industry    
Transmission Grid Capacity Constraints  
Physical and Financial Transmission Rights  
Reliability Problems, New Standards, Compliance and Enforcement  
California Energy Crisis: Causes and Solutions  
The New U.S. Energy Plan  
Customer Concerns  
Electricity Restructuring in Canada  
Marketing Programs for Customer Retention  
Federal and State-by-State Restructuring Activities  
Stranded Cost Problems and Solutions  
Merger Activities   
Pilot Programs  
Detailed Method of Transitional Pricing

To order your printed copy of the report, please email  your name and full address for delivery by Express Post:
 
Send email to:

EGNATIA RESEARCH & MANAGEMENT
2150 Bromsgrove Road, Suite  1109
Mississauga, Ontario, L5J 4B3, Canada
 
Prices
U.S.  $275
CAN $375
Sorry, no credit cards. We send the report with an invoice. Prices include  shipping and handling. Delivery is within 5-6 business days.
 
Please Note:
If you have purchased an earlier edition of this report, your upgrade cost  for this current edition is  U.S. $75  (CAN $100) including shipping  and handling.

About us:   EGNATIA RESEARCH & MANAGEMENT provides consulting services in  electricity restructuring, deregulation, rate setting and  reliability.