

Since this is for someone in the Governor's office, I have no objection.  I think we need to be careful when regulators who might have an interest in regulating the system are asking.

 

Please see below.  Any thoughts on regulatory or legal implications?

Let me know when you get a chance.

Thanks,
Brad


 
Cc:	Taylor, Mark E (Legal)

Guest ID's are usually valid for two weeks. We can go longer than two weeks. How long do you want him to have access for? Finally it is probably a good idea for mark Taylor to know that a regulator is asking for access to EnronOnline. He may want to suggest an appropriate period of time for the access.

Lisa Lees is in charge of customer access but I usually authorise anything more than 2 weeks.

 

Take a look at the following request.  How long are guest ID's usually good for?  I'm not in favor of giving him access forever, but can we go longer than 2 weeks?  Last question: who in your group is in charge of things like this so I don't have to bother you with it?

Thanks,
Brad


 
Cc:	Kaufman, Paul; Landwehr, Susan M.

I hope you are enjoying your new job!  Sounds like a great opportunity.    I need to ask you for a favor.  We are working with the Wyoming Govenor and the Wyoming Business Council to develop positive relations between Enron and the State of Wyoming.  Paul Kauffman is trying to get the Govenor to support his ideas regarding the RTO in the West and we are working with them to manage some of their price risk on their royalties as well as support our development efforts in the state.

One thing that would help us in our relations is to help the Govenor's staff understand Enron's market making capabilities.  In order to do this I would like to get a member of his staff access to EOL.  He would need read only access, but I would not want him to be turned off after 2 weeks.  If you can help me with this I would really appreciate it.



If someone can call me I will help orchestrate his registration.

My number is 303-575-6473.

Thanks 

Mark