

Very impressive.  Mark





That's my own horn, but I am proud of this (the message is from our new chairman) and thought you might be interested. 

  

I thought we could all use some good news.  The recent American Lawyer associates survey -- which ranked us as the best law firm in California and ninth best in the country -- capped off a year of tremendous accolades to McCutchen.  These honors are the result of our firm values, our mutual commitment to each other and a lot of hard work. The challenge of the coming year will be not just to maintain these distinctions, but to do even better.  In the meantime, I wanted to share these with you because we all should be very proud of ourselves.

Fortune magazine lists McCutchen as one of "The 100 Best Companies to Work for in the U.S."  (January 2001). 

Ranked #1 as having the largest percentage of female attorneys (and the second highest percentage of female equity partners) among the top 250 law firms in the country. (National Law Journal, December 2000). 

Ranked one of the "25 Most Diverse Law Firms in America" (Minority Law Journal, December 2000). 

Ranked #1 law firm in California and #6 in the country for commitment to pro bono work (American Lawyer, August 2001). 

Ranked #1 in California (#9 in the country) in AmLaw's Annual Associates Survey (American Lawyer, October 2001). 

Vault's Guide to the Top 100 Law Firms ranks McCutchen one of the "100 Most Prestigious Law Firms in the country (Winter 2001). 

McCutchen's environmental practice is ranked in the top 3 nationwide (American Lawyer, October 2000). 

McCutchen lawyers defended two of the top ten defense cases in California in 2000 (Daily Journal's Verdicts & Settlements, April 2001).   


Donn 





E-MAIL NOTICE

This e-mail message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Any review, use, disclosure or distribution by persons or entities other than the intended recipient(s) is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you.



McCUTCHEN, DOYLE, BROWN & ENERSEN, LLP

http://www.mccutchen.com


