

My message cut off...  The conclusion is that while we continue to need to 
address the kinds of issues laid out in your recommnedations, we need to look 
at solutions which may go deeper to adress our communications problems .. .  
solutions which have become available only recently.  Why not have these guys 
focus on an online training program to both teach people how to make 
information available and accessible (eg by recording information and 
updating on the intranet) and demonstrating the importance of this activity 
to the success of the organization.

I think you and your team have done a fine job dealing with the traditional 
(and perhaps largely insoluble problems) that this group wants to take on.  I 
am pessimistic that the program outlined below will provide anything other 
than marginal improvements.   I am somewhat optimistic, though, that we may 
be able to bypass many of these problems (and get to the heart of what people 
are really complaining about in the survey) by instituting real knowledge 
management at Enron.




Richard Amabile
08/18/2000 05:20 PM


























Reminder for Feedback

This is a reminder that we would like your feedback/input on the items 
mentioned below regarding the Computer Based Communications Training 
Initiative.  Please respond by the close of business Monday, August 21 
otherwise we will need to move ahead with the responses received by that time.
             Dick Amabile 
---------------------- Forwarded by Richard Amabile/HR/Corp/Enron on 
08/18/2000 04:31 PM ---------------------------


Richard Amabile
08/16/2000 02:40 PM






























As agreed in our V&V meeting today I have attached two items for your review:
1. A list of those who have been interviewed or have been part of a focus 
group on this subject.

The input from individuals on this list will be the basis for developing the 
5-7 key scenarios that will be a part of the training.  Please let me know if 
you feel we should include more people from your unit to insure that your 
unit's unique circumstances are appropriately taken into account.  If so, let 
us know either their names or how you would like them to be identified.

Some of the individuals on this list will be contacted as Subject Matter 
Experts to help provide real Enron contexts for the scenarios as they are 
further developed.

2. A list of the "first draft" objectives for the program and 10 possible 
scenarios.

Since we will only be able to have a total of about 5-7 scenarios in the 
final version, identify the 5 - 7 on this list of high level scenario ideas 
that will have the most impact on improving communications and the most 
applicability to a range of managers across the Enron organization.  Any 
other feedback you can provide on the objectives or scenarios would be 
greatly appreciated.

We are seeking to move forward with the development of scenarios by the 
beginning of next week.  Therefore, if you could provide your feedback on 
both of the items above by Friday, August 18th, it would be greatly 
appreciated.

             Dick Amabile



