

I spoke with Jeff and he is not going to be available for the speech on the 
26th.  Do we pass or is there an alternative?  Can we get done what we need 
to get done with Ken's visit the following week?




Nicholas O'Day
08/31/2000 06:01 AM




Ken Lay Visit. Following discussions with the Prime Minister's office and a 
quick check with venues 31 October is firming up as the preferred date for a 
meeting with the Prime Minister and an office opening by the PM. 

Jeff Skilling Visit. The Nikkei and the Tokyo University have now made the 
decision to invite Mr Skilling to give the key note address at the symposium 
on 26 November in Tokyo. As mentioned, the symposium is the most prestigious 
conference on IT in Japan.

While the conference itself receives significant media attention, the 
President of Nikkei has offered to interview Mr Skilling. This honour is 
usually reserved for Heads of State. The interview will be featured on the 
front page of the Nikkei and picked up by other major media services.

kind regards

      


Nicholas O'Day
08/29/2000 07:43 PM

Takashi Kimura/AP/Enron 


Ken Lay Visit. Balancing the need to push out the arrangement of high level 
meetings as far as possible with the desire to have a meeting with Prime 
Minister Mori prior to the US Presidential election, the week commencing 30 
October would be the optimum time for a visit by Mr Lay. PM Mori is generally 
available in that week. We will get a preferred time from the PM's chief 
secretary first thing tomorrow morning Tokyo time. 

Jeff Skilling Visit. The boards of Nikkei and Tokyo University Institute of 
Advanced Studies have yet to make a decision on the key note speaker for the 
one day invitation only seminar to be held on 26 October. As mentioned, the 
boards will choose between the chairman of Cisco and Jeff Skilling. The 
conference is focused on the IT revolution and an invitation only event for 
approximately 600 of Japan's corporate leaders.

The speaking panel and topics for discussion will be developed around the key 
note speaker. If Mr Skilling were to give the key note speech, it is likely 
that key senior Government Ministers would be asked to present at the 
seminar. 

Following the Prime Minister's commitment at the Okinawa summit of 
US$15billion expenditure in the region on IT infrastructure and education, 
Japan's focus on e-commerce is almost reaching fever pitch. There will be 
significant interest in the conference from senior levels of Government and 
the business community. Further, as you would expect with the involvement of 
the Nikkei, there is typically significant media coverage associated with the 
key note speaker's presentation.

kind regards



