

Mr. Bodily,

I was able to speak w/Greg this morning and I regret to inform you that he 
will not be able to join your class via video conference on April 3rd as we 
had previously hoped.  

Greg will have to leave Houston for some of our overseas offices beginning  
April 2nd for approx. two weeks (London, Tokyo & Sydney).  I do apologize for 
the short notice, but these things tend to happen quickly, and with little or 
no notice.  

Please provide me with some possible future dates during the month of May and 
I will discuss them with Greg.

Liz Taylor
Exec. Assistant to Greg Whalley









Greg,
I understand from your assistant, Liz, that you will be able to join my
colleage Venkat and I and our eStrategy class on April 3 10:00-11:25 Eastern
Time (9:00-10:25 Central) by videoconference.  That is wonderful news for
us!

We have a T1 line in our classroom and we can connect using two-way video so
that you can see the class members and they can see you.  I know that we can
also arrange to put your power point slides on one screen and your face on
another, if we wish to.   At some point we'll get your technical people and
our technical people to work out the details on the connection.  We would
want to verify soon that our systems are compatible.

We can chat about how to use the 85 minutes we have.  I was thinking that we
ask the students to prepare the digital case, The Transformation of Enron
1986-2000, in which you appear in a few segments in living color, and you
look great, I might add. Liz said she thought she could a copy of the CD
from Sherri, Jeff Skilling's secretary, or, alternatively, I'll be happy to
send you a CD.  In addition to the case, I would like to give the students
additional new material (accessible on the course web-site) about Enron's
new ventures in the online and electronic network world.  (We could use a
little help from some of your people to get the best materials, I suspect).


In class, we could have a case discussion led by Venkat and I for (say) the
first half of class, and followed by your presentation/talk for the last
half of class. Or we can give you more or less of the time--let's talk about
it.
I was hoping that you could direct the focus of your talk toward topics such
as the following:
1.  The strategy for new ebusinesses at Enron.
2.  Enron's strategic advantages and competitive positioning in the digital
economy.
3.  Examples of laws of network economics in the digital world
4.  Implementation of Enron's digital strategy.

We need to prepare specific assignment questions for the students to
prepare.  Some of them could be taken from the introduction to the case,
which we could supplement with additional questions from you or that we
devise together.

This will be a great experience for our students and for Venkat and I as
well.  And we are flexible about how much time you want to take and also
about your specific topic.  So please give me a call (or email) and we can
settle on a plan.

Thanks very much for your willingness to participate.

Samuel E. Bodily
John Tyler Professor of Business Administration
Darden Graduate Business School
100 Darden Boulevard
Charlottesville, VA 22903
Phone:  804-924-4813  Fax:  804-243-7677





