

She has a mostly white one - at least those are the color of the kitty hairs 
on my clothes.  She left his front claws in because she said it was mean to 
take them out.  Of course she gets a little angry when he sharpens his claws 
on the couch.  I figure he will get run over by a car someday and she will be 
said - I will be sensitive and caring and then she'll get another one.

I guess I don't have to tell you that those long distance relationships are 
kinda tough.  Good luck.









What kind of kitty does Ingrid have??

Rob is fine... we had a little tiff and didn't talk for a week. He went to
the LDC forum in Boston. We made up over e-mail today... or at least
exchanged apologies. I'm not sure when I'll see him again. Gloria is
visiting me next weekend... girls night out. The following weekend Cindy is
visiting me. The weekend after that I'll be in Houston for TCO shipper
meeting. It has been two weeks since I've seen him. We have a great time
when we are together, it just hasn't been very often latetly.







I'll ask my woman her opinion about my rock hard stomach.  I'm sure she
will agree after I tell her what to see.  I guess women can be sensitive.

Ingrid's fine - and you?  How's your man?








cc:


My last response didn't make sense... now that I re-read it. I meant to see
I like a cat personality better.

I'm sorry about the cushy remark... I'm guessing you have worked out a
lot... since I last saw you. It's probably rock hard now.

So how is ingrid??







You like (cat) attitude don't you?  And what makes you think my stomach is
cushy??????






cc:


I'm guessing your stomach is nice and cushy.... not rock hard. Your
women...
ingrid???

I'm not getting a hamster!!! They have no personality like a cat.





Why don't you get a hamster or something like that.   You know my woman has
a cat - he likes sleeping on my firm, rockhard stomach when I watch TV.







cc:


I planted 50 plus flowers this weekend in my flower boxes. They look so
pretty. I hope I don't kill them. I'm going to find me some kittens in the
next few weeks. I'm lonely without Miss Muffy. Cindy Vachuska is coming to
visit me in two weekends. I'm taking May 4th off.. we are going to do some
museums, day to the eastern shore, and baltimore's inner harbor.

Bidweek is such a joy!!! We are suppose to be back online with y'all... so
they say.





How sweet.  Its doing ok.  A better question is "how's the lovelife?".
That's doing ok too - although I wish I could find the perfect woman.  Mine
is wanting to take some trips - Maine, New York, EUROPE!!!!!

What's up with you girl?






cc:


See.... I'm being nice and not asking any other questions.

Hope you're doing okay.


PG&E National Energy Group and any other
company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or
logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and
Electric Company, the regulated California utility.  Neither
PG&E National Energy Group nor these other
referenced companies are regulated by the California Public
Utilities Commission.  Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company
do not have to buy products from these companies in order
to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility.













