

Great idea.  Thanks very much for the info.  Katz is point-person for Davis on the Edison MOU.
 
Best,
Jeff

 
Cc: 



fyi, Joan Kradin of Marathon used to be Richard Katz's chief of staff... (just background info in case you ever want to plant some seeds from a different angle...) kd

  



The Assembly Energy, Costs and Availability Committee heard and voted on 
amendments to SBX2 78 proposed by many interested parties.  Some passed, 
some failed and most of them served to further confuse the committee 
members.  Eventually the committee stalled on detailed proposals made by 
TURN and other consumer groups. 

During the hearing Hedy had the opportunity to speak to Nancy McFadden and 
Richard Katz from the Governor's office regarding a couple of issues 
highlighted by Jeff and Mike Day.  Richard said he is willing to make more 
technical amendments when the bill gets to Appropriations.  Subsequently, 
Hedy and I spoke to D.J. Smith at Jeff's request.  D.J. agreed that the bill 
needs to use the August 24th date as a grandfather date for executed DA 
contracts, but specifically asked that we (Enron) not speak to Richard about 
it.  He said he will have the business entities request it as a clarifying 
amendment.  If we request it, he thought Richard would be less likely to 
believe it's clarifying since he believes our motives to be too 
self-serving.  Also, we spent some time with Lenny Goldberg on direct 
access.  We suggested that "shall" be changed to "may" in order to give more 
leeway to the PUC on direct access suspension.  He didn't necessarily oppose 
the policy, but his position is not to amend a bad bill unless you can 
totally rewrite it (which he later attempted to do). 

A lobbyist for a significant generator told us that they are prepared to 
push Edison into bankruptcy (along with the Canadian government) if this 
bill passes. 

There is no consensus that this measure will ever get to the Governor's 
desk. 

The committee will meet again tomorrow at approximately 1:30 p.m. to vote on 
additional amendments and ultimately to vote on the complete bill. 