

Thanks for the message.  It's good to hear from you again.  We have already 
hired Racicot (who now works for Bracewell and Patterson), but I'm not sure 
that our arrangement would include what you may need, so I'm copying Linda 
Robertson in our DC office.  Also, I'll copy Jim Derrick so he knows we might 
expand our relationship there.
Linda and Joe - thoughts on BPA and EOL?




	03/05/2001 04:04 PM
		 
		 		 		 
Hi, Steve!  Long time no talk.  I hope you are well - I KNOW you are busy!  I
just have a couple of matters for your attention:

1.  We, as part of a group of Northwest IOUS, are exploring the possibility of
retaining former Montana Governor Racicot to work BPA issues on our behalf. 
PGE will continue with Mike Andrews as our lobbyist but Racicot would work for
the IOUs as a group.  Does this cause you any concerns?  Incidentally, we may
step up our efforts somewhat in the general area of BPA because of the
situation out here.  Please let me know if I or Mike should be coordinating
what we do with any of your folks in DC.

2.  One of the major Northwest issues is who will be the next BPA
Administrator.  For a variety of reasons, there really aren't any good
candidates from the Northwest and we're probably all to close to the situation
anyway.  I was wondering if the Enron net could come up with any good ideas
for someone with good energy and policy experience from outside the Northwest?
 Someone who would appeal to the Bush administration?  

3.  With the delay in closing our sale to Sierra, we would very much like the
ability to use Enron Online for trading.  I believe we can get the regulatory
approvals necessary but apparently when we raised this some months ago, there
was strong opposition from within Enron, particularly Joe Hartsoe.  Do you see
an issue with pursuing this?  How do you suggest I move this forward?

Thanks, Steve.  As you may hear from time to time, things are going well here
in Oregon.  We are proceeding on our restructuring, which is beginning to get
notice from NARUC and others as a possible model for states that have not yet
proceeded.  It's an interesting world.  I look forward to hearing from you.

