

Here are the two for Brent.  Please get copies of resumes from Jana.  Please set up a meeting for later this week with all who will be supervisors of interns.  Include Brent as well.  Thanks.  (thirty minutes will be fine) 

 

Sally,
The only people that will go to Brent's world are M. Yee who will be reporting to Todd Hall and Anne Beylin who will be reporting to Tom Myers.  Sorry about not getting them on the list.  We will work with Sheri through Andy Zipper's world going forward.  Thanks so much and if you need anything else, please let me know.  Thanks.

 
Cc:	Thomas, Sheri; Zipper, Andy

Your list does not include any interns under Brent Price ( he is one of my direct reports as well).  I understood that he does have some summer interns.  Can you update this list for me to include his interns?  

Also, as of April 1, Sheri Thomas now reports to Andy Zipper in ENW, and not to me.  We included her on the distribution of resumes for summer interships since she originally was part of my team.  From this point forward, however, you should communicate directly with Sheri and Andy Zipper regarding Greg Carlson's internship.  I just want to make sure that nothing falls through the cracks for these interns as we make organizational changes.  .  Thanks.  --Sally 

 
Cc:	McLoughlin, Hector; Richards, Andrea; Buckley, Karen; Wilson, Shona; Apollo, Beth; Thomas, Sheri; Hall, Bob M; Scribner, James; Bland Jr., Ted C.

Sally,
Please see the list below of the Analyst Interns that will be starting in your groups and their perspective start dates:

Supervisor		Analyst			Start Date		
Shona Wilson		Daniel Hyslop		May 21, 2001		
Shona Wilson		Jason Jenkins		May 21, 2001
Beth Apollo		Neha Yajnik		June 4, 2001
Sheri Thomas		Greg Carlson		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Cathy Wang		May 21, 2001
Bob Hall		Ebony Watts		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Jennifer Reimer		May 21, 2001
James Scribner		Andre White		May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Korynne Bernard	May 21, 2001
Leslie Reeves		Denka Wangdi		June 4, 2001
Brenda Herod		Jason Marye		May 21, 2001

Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Intern's that have been selected for your groups.  We will be following up with each of your direct reports with the Interns social security numbers in order for them to set up each of the Interns work stations.  Thanks so much.