

Informational for me, or do you want me to attend?  If you don't want me to attend, would you like for me to review the presentation that you plan to give?  --Sally 

 

We will come to your office on June 5th at 4 PM.

We will give you some powerpoint on what we see happening in the industry, what it means for transaction counts, a little on how we process, what we have done for others, how it might work, etc.

Thanks.

GP

 

The afternoon of the 5th works good for us.  We'll be in San Jose on the
4th.  How does 4:00 work for you?  Let me know.
Paul




Is June 4th or 5th better?

GP

    
   

.com]


         
   Sounds good.  My calendar looks like this:
   Week of 21st - in all week
   28th - out Tuesday - Thursday
   4th - In until Thursday - leaving Thursday for a week on vacation

   Let me know what dates work for you and I'll gather the necessary
   people.
   Beers sound great.
   Paul

   
            

   Paul,

   Thanks for lunch a few weeks ago.  Sounds like you have a ton of work
   and responsibility these days.

   Also, thanks for working with Gros on CommodityLogic.  It is a great
   application that I think will help our industry better manage the ever
   increasing transaction flow.

   In addition to CommodityLogic, and as a follow-up to our lunch, I would
   like to come over in a few weeks and sit down and show you and your team
   what we mean by "outsourcing" your mid and back office functions to our
   "ProsessCo/ServiceCo."  I think we have identified what types of
   services we could offer and under what type of arrangements.  Basically,
   you have risk reporting, general ledger, deal capture, confirmation,
   nominations/scheduling, volume management and settlements (invoice and
   cash payments/collections).  We will articulate how it works and how it
   hopefully makes sense for you to let us add a few more resources to
   accomodate your growing business instead of you building it from
   scratch.

   I also talked to Whalley and Bibi about your concerns on
   security/neutrality, comparable service levels to Enron, term and the
   ability to do financial easier than physical.  We can go through all
   that as well.

   I will contact you soon and arrange a time.

   Let me know your thoughts.

   Piper


   