

Ditto

 

Ray/Susan --One of you (or both) should be on these weekly calls, unless the items are being covered by someone else in our group (in which case, alert them to the EPSA call.)  EPSA is very active in making filings at FERC, taking the same position as Enron in many filings.  Sometimes we like to have EPSA file, then Enron may not need to file.  In some cases, EPSA cannot file (for example, when the members cannot agree), then Enron would file if it is an important issue to us.

For this call, Ray, you may want to be on the call since EPSA is going to file re: Cal. order.

Susan--Sarah Novosel will probably be on the call for the NY issue and Tom Hoatson is attending the workshop on capacity.  Therefore, typically, you wouldn't  need to be on this call, but I think you should listen in to learn.  (I will get you on the EPSA distribution.)

Tom--you may want to listen in to the capacity workshop discussion.

Donna --Discussion of Alliance.


 




MEMORANDUM

TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
       Power Marketers Working Group

FROM: Joe Hartsoe, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
            Bob Reilley, Power Marketers Working Group Chair
            Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
            Mark Bennett, Senior Manager of Policy
            Erin Perrigo, Manager of Policy

DATE: April 27, 2001

RE: May 2nd Power Marketing Conference Call
      ? 2:30 p.m. (EDT)

This week's Power Marketers Working Group conference call will be held on Wednesday, May 2nd, at 2:30 p.m. (EDT).  To access the call, dial 1-800-937-6563.  Ask for the Julie Simon/EPSA Call.  An agenda is outlined below.

May 2, 2001 Conference Call Agenda

? California Market Monitoring and Mitigation
   ? Response to question of WSCC price cap

? New York

? Alliance

? EPSA Workshop on Assuring Adequate Capacity in Competitive Markets
   ? Tuesday, May 15th at 10:00 a.m. at EPSA's office in Washington
   ? Agenda to follow

? OMTR Outreach Meeting: Wednesday, May 30th, 2:00 to 3:30 p.m.
   ? Preparation meeting for attendees, 11:30 a.m., EPSA office
   ? Talking points to follow





<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>