

Sure, I'll send letters.  The one for Paskoff will go out today.  Michelle



   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		



Michelle,

Can you please respond to both their attorney's letters with the details 
below?

Thanks
Cathy


   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe
	
		




I agree, this seems very sensible to me.

Melissa


   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
	
		




Melissa,

I gave his attorney a call just to tell him that we received his letter.  He 
mentioned to me that Tony's primary concern is the nonsolicitation.  Although 
I think Tony is being a little more reasonable than John Paskoff, we need to 
be somewhat consistent with what we provide both of them.  They are both very 
close.

I think the following would be a fair offer for both of them.

Additional 15,000.  This would give Paskoff and additional 2.5 months salary 
and Cirino almost 2 months salary.  This get them closer to the 12-13 months 
pay they are both asking for.  Plus, Michelle brought up a point about them 
incurring attorney's fees and this should well cover it.
Payment of their COBRA premiums through the term of their MG contract ( 9 mos 
)
No  on the bonus payments
No on waiving or reducing the non solicitation of customers, unless Hutch 
want's to accommodate this.

They will probably both push back on the non solicitation, but I would rather 
wait to see how theyr respond to our offer.

Michelle, what are your thoughts?

Thanks
Cathy




   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe
	
		




Hi Cathy,

Mike Hutchninson is out of the office until Monday, so I will follow up with 
him on Monday.  Do you want to call the lawyer and tell him that we will 
respond early next week?

With regard to the claims, what is your opinion?  I would suggest that most 
of it seems reasonable to discuss apart from the bonus.

Let me know what your thoughts are.

Regards

Melissa


   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
	
		




Hello All,

I was just wondering yesterday why we hadn't heard from Tony Cirino regarding 
his separation agreement.  The letter I received today from his attorney 
answers my questions.

I'll fax over to all of you.  FYI, the letter was also copied to Hutch.

Cathy













