

Kay, 10/10 works for me at 4:00.  If that date doesn't work, would you please 
include my assistant, Twanda Sweet, on the distribution, given that I will be 
out at the law conference for the rest of the day and tomorrow?  Thanks.  
Michelle



   
	
	
		









steps  


sound ?

Kay 3-0643


Sent by: Robbin Stewart
steps  

Sarah will be on vacation tomorrow.




	Kay Chapman
	10/05/2000 11:08 AM
		









		 next steps

Could you please let me know your availability for the meeting David is 
requesting.  Tomorrow, Friday, October 6th looks good for us.  If you are 
booked for tomorrow, early next week is our next option.  

Please call me or email at your earliest convenience so we can get this 
meeting setup before all our calendars get full.

Thanks in advance for your quick response.


Kay 3-0643  



David Oxley
10/05/2000 10:20 AM







steps  

I notice my calender doesn't yet seem to have this meeting scheduled. I will 
ask Kay Chapman (since Rhonna has now deserted me!) to help put a time 
together. Drew/Mary, FYI sorry I didn't get a chance to send you this before. 
Let me know if you want to attend, happy to have you there.

Gerry, can you help me put an agenda together so that everyone knows what we 
are looking to achieve here. In broad terms I am looking to do the following:

Update all on project we set HR Associate group and their recommendations
Discuss their recommendations and look at any refinements or ideas we think 
we should also incorporate (see my thumb nail sketch notes inspired by 
Associate group below).
Reaffirm commitment to take this project forward and agree:
Team for doing so
Resources and timimg
Methodology for agreeing final version.
My ambition is that we (but in particular Andrea, Bob, Gerry, Tim, Tana, Dan, 
Neil, myself and possibly Suzanne if she can given the work she had already 
done in this area) all agree to contribute to this and get it done without 
the need for a formation of a new team or group. Obviously everyone welcome 
to participate.

Tana/Dan,

Can you cicruclate a summary of your teams proposals to this group so we they 
can review before meeting. Could you also agree within your team who you 
would like to attend this meeting (I would suggest 2 or 3 of you attend 
rather than all).

Thanks




David




David Oxley
09/26/2000 11:38 AM



steps

Rhonna,

Please arrange a meeting later this week for all of those addressed by this 
message (Vince, it would great if one of your team could attend since we will 
need some heavy statistical and analytical help to complete this project).

The prupose of the meeting will be to discuss and delegate next steps 
required to implement the HR Associate groups recommendations for the 
development of an HR "value index" at Enron.

I would anticipate we will need approx 45minutes.

David











