
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Giron, Darron C.\Sent Items
X-Origin: GIRON-D
X-FileName: darron giron 6-26-02.PST



 



	
				
	Dear Mr. Giron:

	Thank you for your email. Dish Network is committed to providing the
best quality programming packages at affordable rates for our customers. The
packages have been setup in balance with cost effectiveness and consumer
demand. Unfortunately, we were unable to reach an acceptable agreement with
the provider of ESPN Classic for the continued carriage of this channel on
Dish Network. We apologize for any inconvenience caused by this issue, and
will gladly forward your requests to our Programming Department.  Per the
Residential Customer Agreement, all programming and prices are subject to
change with or without notice.

	We thank you for your input as we continually review our options in
order to provide a compelling lineup for our viewers. Please stay tuned for
consumer Charlie Chats that are broadcast monthly on Channel 101 or logon to
our website for future programming announcements.

	Your business is greatly appreciated and we thank you for allowing
us to be of assistance to you.  If you have any further questions or
concerns, please refer to www.dishnetwork.com <http://www.dishnetwork.com>
or reply to this email and include all previous correspondence so that we
may assist you promptly.

	As a current customer, you may also use our website to view your
current or previous billing statements, add services, or make payments to
your account.  Please use the link below to launch yourself to the most
user-friendly Customer Support Center available today.
https://customersupport.dishnetwork.com/customercare/UserManagement/login.js
p
<https://customersupport.dishnetwork.com/customercare/UserManagement/login.j
sp>

	Sincerely,

	Customer Care
	DISH Network

	Please include all original messages when replying.
	
	Full Name: Darron Giron Account Number:
	Question: What happened to ESPN Classic???