

I don't know the status of the Crawfish documents.  I will have to check.  Steve Van Hooser was handling those documents.  With respect to your previous question, the PSA for the Napoleonville warehouse went to the Assumption Parish last week.

 

Gerald,

Thanks for your help on the Assumption Parish documents. 

Do you know the status on the documents related to Bridgeline's request for easements/ROWs on the Crawfish land?   It seems that Keith Daigle is the one drafting the documents.  Please let me know.  

Thanks,

Rakhi
(x3-7871)


 
Cc:	Rainer, Eva; Nemec, Gerald; Westbrook, Roger; Johnson, Patrick; Morris, Brandi; Ogden, Mary
Importance:	High

Rakhi,

Mary Ogden found and has provided Eva Rainer the missing documentation relevant to your Item 2; I believe Eva has already provided Texas Brine what is needed to clear up confusion relative to the various Enron entity transfers that took place prior to LRCI's conveyance to Texas Brine.

As to Item 1, I would ask that you work with Gerald Nemec of the EWS legal department.  He's been overseeing the Napoleonville work and will be able to oversee and work with Keith Daigle and Roger Westbrook on the Crawfish Right-of -Way work.

I have recently joined the Enron Industrial Markets legal team and am divesting of all my former Gas Assets and Trading work.  Gerald can be reached at 3-3512.

Thanks,

Steve

 
Cc:	Johnson, Patrick

Steve,

I was hoping you could help me with the following two issues.  I am not sure who in legal is working on these.  

1) Crawfish Right-of-Ways (counterparty:  Bridgeline) - Bridgeline is requesting ROWs/easements on the Crawfish land in LA.  Keith Daigle, I suppose, is the one who would be actually drafting the agreements.  Roger Westbrook recently received the plats and general descriptions which are to be attached to the agreements.  Would you know the status on these documents?    

2) Napoleonville (counterparty: Texas Brine) - Texas Brine purchase approximately 16.6 acres from Enron at the Napoleonville Salt Dome earlier this year.  Texas Brine is attempting to clear title for this land.  The executed documents from the sale of the land from Enron Storage Co to Bridgeline Storage Co and then from Bridgeline Storage Co to LRCI.  were apparently never filed at the courthouse.  Texas Brine is very eager to get this cleared up.  Do you know whether Legal has these documents?    

Thanks for your help,

Rakhi
(x-37871)


