

Shirley,

Do you remember about Exceed?

Vince

---------------------- Forwarded by Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT on 07/31/2000 
03:23 PM ---------------------------



	07/27/2000 03:08 PM
	




















to the group:

if you wish to use SAS, there are a few simple things you need to do:

1) you need to get a Unix password if you don't already have one (your user 
id will be the same as on the NT network, but a different password is issued)
2) you need a program called "Exceed" on your PC.  request it from IT (you 
already have this if you are already a user of LIM on the Unix platform)
3) you need an "ftp" program on your PC. you can go to www.download.com and 
download one (i like wsftp)
4) Exceed is funny in the way it runs. When you invoke Exceed (or LIM 
Advanced User (under Infobases) if you already have this) it will install 
itself the first time, and will then "disappear" to the Taskbar. you need to 
*right* click on the taskbar on Exceed, and then choose "Tools" and "Client 
Startup" and then "New."

You will enter a box which should already be set for REXEC and an XWindow 
emulation. You need to specify the Host Type as Sun, enter your User Name and 
Password, set the Host Name to: 

capers.ect.enron.com

and then, on the Command Line, type the following (carefully):



Then, use the file menu to Save this as capers.xs and then click on the Run! 
menu. within a second or two, a window will open up with you logged into the 
serve capers. You are now on a Unix server, and the directory is your home 
directory. From here, if you simply type "sas" the 3 windows for an 
interactive session with SAS should open on your desktop. You are in business.

5) you also need to install your ftp. follow the procedures with the 
software, and then create a new session called "enron" where you choose as 
the server simply "earth" (do not add any further descriptors such as 
.enron.com). supply your user name and *unix* password, check the "remember 
password" box, and the default communication setups should be correct (eg, 
host type as "automatic detect").

when you invoke ftp and connect to enron, it will put you in your home 
directory on the Unix system, the same directory your xwindow comes up in 
under Exceed.

if you have any problems, i'll be happy to help

Clayton

PS i have a complete set of new SAS manuals i am happy to loan out if you'll 
just write your name down when you take them.
