

Don't you recall that we created a response or amendment format?  What am I 
recalling?  SS




Lucy Ortiz
10/21/99 03:08 PM

What is the formal format we have for notifying Chase?  Do I need to send 
them the edition that announced the change or ???  
What is your suggestion?
I bring this up only because we were so adamant about creating the 
confirmation and then e-mailing it over to Chase so that they could be the 
confirming party.

~I mean, do we need to draft the changes that we want on the confirm and send 
it over to them and ask them to change the confirm???

~Or is all of this covered under the ISDA and we only need to make them aware 
that  the publication made some changes?




Sara Shackleton
10/21/99 01:28 PM

I thought we had devised a format for any response.  I'm glad to meet with 
you anytime.  Currently, I have severe laryngitis and I am unable to speak.  
I will probably be limited on Friday as well.  We can manage if you come to 
my office.  Let me know.  SS



Lucy Ortiz
10/20/99 11:22 AM


Sara,

I don't think that we ever got around to talking about how we should notify 
Chase of this change.  Could we do that before I leave?  Hopefully sometime 
this week.
Does the ISDA cover publication changes?  Somehow I thought it did.  It does 
doesn't it?  I just can't remember in which section.
Many thanks,

Lucy
---------------------- Forwarded by Lucy Ortiz/HOU/ECT on 10/20/99 11:20 AM 
---------------------------


Laird Dyer
09/23/99 05:46 PM

Lucy,

Effective September 1st, Natural Gas Intelligence changed the reporting of 
the California Border and City-Gate 1st of month indices.  These indices were 
formerly reported in a separate table.  That table has been eliminated and 
these indices have been included within the general table.   These changes 
are minor; however, we need to ensure that Chase knows of the change.  Can 
you please handle this?  It affects Glendale, Pasadena and SMUD.

The following are the new definitions:

1.  Malin:  the "Bidweek Avg." price for California, Malin, published in 
Natural Gas Intelligence, or successor publication, in the first issue 
published on or about the first Monday of the delivery Month in the table 
identified as "Spot Gas Prices".

2. Kern River Station: the "Bidweek Avg" price for California, Kern River 
Station, PG&E, published in Natural Gas Intelligence, or successor 
publication, in the first issue published on or about the first Monday of the 
delivery Month in the table identified as "Spot Gas Prices".

3.  Topock: the "Bidweek Avg" price for California, Southern Cal. Border 
Avg., published in Natural Gas Intelligence, or successor publication, in the 
first issue published on or about the first Monday of the delivery Month in 
the table identified as "Spot Gas Prices".

4.  PG&E Citygate: the "Bidweek Avg" price for California, PG&E Citygate, 
published in Natural Gas Intelligence, or successor publication, in the first 
issue published on or about the first Monday of the delivery Month in the 
table identified as "Spot Gas Prices". 

Glendale and Pasadena are affected at Topock.  SMUD is affected at all four 
points.

Let me know if you need additional clarification or information.

Thanks for your help.

Laird









