

FYI.
---------------------- Forwarded by Michelle Lokay/ET&S/Enron on 11/22/2000 
11:39 AM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		



Executed firm transport contract with Oneok at maximum tariff rate for 
California deliveries.  Took advantage of widening market basis spreads; will 
generate $2.7 million in revenue.  Because the original terms had ROFR 
language dictating up to max rate only, included was a revenue sharing 
mechanism if contract is ever released above max rate.  The mechanism 
provides an opportunity to generate market based transport. 
Settled dispute with Burlington involving volume commitments under various 
pipeline pressures.  Dispute was originally at $3 million dollars, negotiated 
potential damages down to $100,000 in credits on prior transport invoices.  
Deal also included re-execution of Interconnect and Operating Agreement for 
lower volume commitments based on seasonality, thereby eliminating future 
potential dollar exposure.
Completed new facility interconnect with EOG for additional 30,000/day of 
supply on east end of system.  Potential opportunity for future transport or 
park and ride agreement.
Worked with Accounts Receivable to identify outstanding facility invoices.  
Located over $600,000 on Northern.  
Executed agreement with Cima Energy to be a new customer on Transwestern.
Worked as liaison with programmers to enhance Deal Profitability system.  
System now is also linked with the Risk Management System with weekly basis 
quote feed to ensure more real time data.
Co-ordinated Open Seasons with internal and external contacts.  Worked with 
programmers to enhance IOS system to handle maximum rate bidding and other 
e-commerce efforts.
Provide backup to both Short Term deal origination and contract processing.
Working with Eprime and SPS on potential power plant interconnect of up to 
200,000/day on east end of system.
Working with Eprime to become a new shipper on system from San Juan to East 
of Thoreau.
Monitor daily basis differentials to maximize additional transport rate 
opportunities.
Working with Market Services and Contract Administration to identify 
underutilized transport agreements for additional marketing opportunities.
