

Hey girl,

Sorry, I received all of your messages, but did not respond, sorry.  So little C.J. looks like a "half-breed", (that's what you''re trying to say!).  Is he cute?  I can't wait to see him.  Yes, I did talk to Teena yesterday afternoon, she sounded happy.  

I spoke with Daddy yesterday and told him to sit his butt down and stop trying to go to work, especially if there are no health benefits that he will be losing.  Instead of concentrating on that job, I told him to concentrate on his health.  He said I was right, and said he was going to seriously consider it.  I had to laugh when he said he went to work and fell asleep reading or trying to throw away some paperwork.  That was hilarious.  Can you imagine the secretary going in and finding "little bitty" daddy sitting there asleep.  I cracked up.

The concert was good, you know those young men "showed out".  However, the concert was supposed to start at 8 and did not start til 9 and had several acts before them and as a result, did not get out of the concert until 1:15 p.m.   I was a tired sister, but it was well worth it.  The Hilton Southwest is close to me, its right be Sharpstown Mall.  Tell me that dates again.  

Talk with you later.

   

 

How come I have not had a response from you?  You better get on your job.  I
was beginning to wonder if you were on vacation or something.

I saw "little" Corey last night for the first time.  You can see some of his
Indian heritage.  His hair is hair is very straight and he is darker than
teena.  It was so weird calling him Corey.  That is going to take some
getting use to for me.  Teena told me that you called her yesterday.
I finally got the name of the hotel that the choir will be staying in when
we arrive in houston on 6/27 & 6/28.  It is not embassy suite.  It is the
Hilton Houston Southwest.  Where is that in relations to you?





Yes, you are absolutely correct, I can never get ahold of you.    I know
you're very busy.  Our plane get in at 12:00 on Friday, so we'll  hail a
cab over to Mom's house.  Everything here is going okay.  I hope Tina has
had the baby by the time I get there this weekend.  I sure don't want her
to have to spend Easter in the hospital.  As far as dinner is concerned,
we'll have the regular, roast, ham, macaroni and cheese, greens yams, etc.
Mom said something about getting a turkey, if so, we'll have to have
dressing.  Anyway, I think I am going to choir rehearsal tonight, so I'll
try to call you on the way home.

See ya!