
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Zufferli, John\Sent Items
X-Origin: ZUFFERLI-J
X-FileName: john zufferli 6-26-02.PST

sure

 
Cc:	Doucet, Dawn
Importance:	High

Guys, are you interested in attending this meeting.  If you are, please let me know.

Regards, Nella

 
Cc:	Doucet, Dawn
Importance:	High


The above-captioned meeting/presentation scheduled in August has been cancelled and is now scheduled for Monday, September 10, 2001 at noon (lunch will be provided).  Murray Greenberg of Financial Dynamics will be giving the presentation.

Again, could you please let me know if you are available at this new time and date.  

Regards, Nella
 
Cc:	Doucet, Dawn

Kevin Rome of Financial Dynamics is available to attend our office on Wednesday, August 29th at 3:30 pm to give a presentation on financial structures, innovative solutions to tax, retirement and other financial planning issues.

Please let me know if you are available at this time and date to attend this presentation.

Regards, Nella

 
Cc:	Cappelletto, Nella

Good afternoon, all.  

We are exploring ways to assist you with your financial planning needs and have asked a financial planner to meet with you 'en masse' to discuss financial structures that are out of the norm - innovative solutions to tax, retirement and other financial planning issues.  His name is Murray Greenberg and he's associated with the firm, Financial Dynamics.  Murray has extensive experience dealing with senior managers at companies that include Northstar Energy, Deloitte & Touche and Toronto Dominion. 

If, as a result of this meeting, you are interested in what Murray has to offer - you may approach him individually and arrange for personal financial planning.  You are responsible for any fees associated with future arrangements.

Please let me know if you are interested in attending this meeting or if you would like further information.  Nella and I will pull together some potential meeting dates within the next 2 weeks.

Thanks.....