

No wonder you couldn't find it!  Keep looking, 'cause I guess when you can 
see it, the job will be open outside Enron.  Didn't you think the job sounded 
perfect!




	05/16/2000 10:50 AM
		 
		 		 		 

Tana, have a look at this.  I am glad she responded.

----- Original Message -----



Hi Patti !  Thank you for your interest in this position.  However, at this
time, this position is posted for internal candidates only.  If and when it
becomes open to external candidates,  I would be more than happy to
consider you.  However,  you will need to re-submit  a resume for
consideration.

Thanks again,
Gail






cc:




PATTI YOUNG

                                4433 Verone

                            Bellaire, TX 77401

                            Home: 713/665-6171



CAREER OBJECTIVE: A challenging position with a growing organization that
utilizes my organizational and result-oriented expertise.



EXPERIENCE:

07/86-Present Clive Runnells

dba Clive Runnells
Enterprises

Mr. Runnells is an independent investor/rancher whose business interests
are varied: cable television, ranching, cattle feedlots, and real estate.
He contributes extensively to various charitable organizations, political
groups, and individual politicians. In addition, he is a board member of
both local and national organizations. My responsibilities for the past 13
years have included all aspects of business, civic and personal agendas.



Executive Assistant

? Coordinate, meet and maintain relationships with businesses,
public charities, politicians, political groups, local and national
organizations



? Maintain correspondence regarding support of business relations,
public charities, politicians, political groups, local and national
organizations



? Prepare and maintain spreadsheets for annual charitable and
political donations and fundraising activities



? Assist in performing administrative duties for fundraising events,
maintaining up to date client data, interacting with all levels of
management, working within limited amounts of time



? Maintain correspondence for personal family business and
foundation affairs



? Manage other family members personal, business and foundation
affairs



? Schedule business and personal appointments and travel plans



? Resolve payment and billing disputes with vendors as well as
collections



? Handled processing and recording of purchases and sales of stock
and options

? Prepared leases for rental properties

? Maintained corporate records

? Prepared board meeting agendas and minutes

? Participated in screening and interviewing candidates for
receptionist position



EDUCATION: B. S., 1974, Baylor University

COMPUTER SKILLS: Microsoft Word; WordPerfect; Excel; Lotus 1-2-3

VOLUNTEER WORK: Houston Area Women's Center, Houston Livestock
Show & Rodeo,

Bellaire Garden Club

















May 12, 2000





Ms. Gail Francis

Enron Corporation

1400 Smith

Houston, TX 77002





Dear Ms. Francis:



Thank you for accepting my resume via e-mail for Job ID #0000103876.



Even though I am not called an 'Event Coordinator', so many of the duties I
perform require the same qualifications that are essential to the position
for which I am applying. My ability to learn quickly, apply good
problem-solving skills and work with minimal supervision could definitely
benefit Enron Energy Services Account Management Department.



I welcome a confidential call from your company. My office number is
713/627-2390.



Thank you.





Very sincerely,



Patti Young






