

Please print email and attachments.  Thanks!



some background mat'ls.  i'll call you in a few minutes to discuss
 
regards
john

 
Cc: Ward, Stephen G 




( I sent this out yesterday.  Yours appeared to be undeliverable, so here it
is again.  My apologies if you have already received it.  Faith)



November 14, 2001



TO:     INTERESTED POWER SUPPLIERS AND MARKETERS

RE:     REQUEST FOR RETAIL PROPOSALS - MAINE STANDARD OFFER SERVICE



        The Maine Public Utilities Commission is soliciting proposals from
interested power suppliers and marketers to supply retail standard offer
service to commercial and industrial customers of Maine's two largest
electric utilities, Central Maine Power Company and Bangor Hydro-Electric
Company.  The total annual electricity sales to these customers is about 6.8
million MWh, of which 30% currently receives standard offer service. 

        The standard offer suppliers will provide service beginning March 1,
2002.  At your option, bids may be submitted for one, two or three year
terms.  Service will be provided directly by suppliers to customers at
retail, although the utility will handle billing and collection on the
standard offer supplier's behalf. 

        Concurrent with the Commission's solicitation for retail standard
offer service, Central Maine Power Company and Bangor Hydro-Electric Company
will be seeking proposals for wholesale standard offer supply.  The
concurrent solicitations will allow the Commission to evaluate all options
simultaneously and sufficiently in advance of March 1. You may participate
in both the retail and wholesale processes.  Initial bids for all of these
solicitations will be due on December 4, 2001.

The RFPs for the retail solicitation are available at www.state.me.us/mpuc.
Please note that there are separate RFPs for each utility.  The RFPs contain
detailed information about Maine's standard offer and instructions on how to
participate.  To obtain the RFPs by mail or email, please contact Tammy







                                       

