

Thanks for the update.  Andy Zipper is working on a structure that will allow 
the brokers to access our site as you've pointed out.  I'll have Andy contact 
you and John on this topic.  

Jeff




Chris Glaas
11/16/2000 12:25 PM

My views are as follows:
We have lost business on what I am doing (dated brent vs frontline IPE) to 
ICE. For the future we need something more to combat ICE and other systems. 
Getting the brokers on our side could be the answer. The benefits I can see 
are:
a. We will reach a wider crowd using the brokers. Today there are companies 
who will not turn on our system despite personal visits and other marketing. 
They seem to prefer speaking to brokers.
b. We could gain neutrality if the broker could transact on EOL on behalf of 
the customer. The biggest problem when I speak to customers seems to be that 
by dealing with Enron on EOL the customer is afraid of giving us to much of 
information of what they are doing.
c. The brokers are scared for the future. They think they are about to die 
out due to electronic trading. Enron should be able to strike a good deal 
with the broker. Maybe even get paid ?
d. Enron would gain a free marketing force thru the brokers.

regards
chris glaas             
 




Get with Nowlan and talk to Andy Zipper on this.  There are a number of 
options for us with brokers, and Andy has been involved in this aspect of our 
business for some time.   I'd like to hear your views.  Thanks.   

Jeff



Chris Glaas
11/14/2000 01:06 PM


I have been contacted by ICAP and Man regarding different co-ops between EOL 
and the services provided by these brokers. Icap wants Enron to be the market 
maker for the ICAP electronic system (swap-net) , MAN wants to represent EOL 
to the market and act as a principal between Enron and Man customers.

There are benefits and draw-backs using the brokers. I have my views on the 
matter.  

Jeff, what is our policy for EOL regarding working with the brokers?

regards
chris glaas    







