

----- Forwarded by Steven J Kean/NA/Enron on 02/20/2001 01:28 PM -----

	Sherri Sera
	02/15/2001 11:48 AM
		
		 		 		 
Steve, I thought you should probably see this, too.  Any idea what this guy 
is rambling about?  SRS


   
	
	
		



I'm still trying to sift thru this, but I thought you should read.

Joannie
---------------------- Forwarded by Joannie Williamson/Corp/Enron on 
02/15/2001 11:07 AM ---------------------------









Dear Ms. Williamson:

    Per an autoresponder from Yorleni Mendez, I am forwarding to you
what I sent to Enron & others a couple of days ago, which was in
supplement to what I sent on Feb. 6th.  Time is of the essence and not
on your side.  Nor are the facts & the law on your side.  Therefore, you
need to find a way to get us to be on your side.

    Due to the urgency and foreseeable and announced forthcoming event
horizons, I believe you may wish to provide copies of the attached to
the proper persons at Enron for their immediate attention.  Please let
them know that if I have to continue to give information & documents to
the U.S. Senate and the proper others, that I will do so and then also
show that the failure of Hughes interests/companies to take remedial
measures was indeed blatant refusal.  We have already logged where
Hughes companies/interests have been to
http://willgriffin.com/hughes.htm thus you might as well continue to
visit there and see where we have posted changes and new information.
The knowledge of the Hughes companies/interests of these matters is now
clearly established.  We've already submitted some of our visitor logs
and other documents to the proper others, establishing the knowledge of
Hughes companies/interests to others.  This is something I am sure will
be most meaningful to the lawyers, along with a few other things I'm
sure which will get their attention..

    Also please have someone forward the attached to William Rice
Lummis, James A. Baker and others and advise them that surprises,
attention getters & wake-up calls are just around the corner.  They need
to contact us soon, before it becomes improper to discuss how a
reasonable (fanny & facing-saving) resolve for Hughes
interests/companies may be achieved.

Will Griffin
http://willgriffin.com/hughes.htm

X-Mozilla-Status2: 00000000

Organization: Griffin Group
X-Accept-Language: en




Dear Hughes Electronics, Enron, HHMI, and Hughes Lawyers, et. al:

    I am fully aware how many of the Hughes interests visited
http://willgriffin.com/hughes.htm after I sent you an e-mail on Feb. 6,
2001, advising you of your impending difficulties and exposures.

    I have made some changes to these Hughes related pages, including
posting my advisory to you to http://willgriffin.com/letterto.htm for
your convenience and reference, with active e-mail links to you and each
other.

    Also since I contacted you last week (the next day), Enron has been
in the news as being the biggest beneficiary of the California energy
woes, while also being the largest contributor, fund-raiser and general
benefactor to President George W. Bush.
http://www0.mercurycenter.com:80/premium/business/docs/enron07.htm
Another article goes even further showing the relationship of James
Addison Baker III to Enron and Hughes "Bush's Biggest Donors Gain From
High Prices in California Crunch"
http://www.villagevoice.com:80/issues/0106/ridgeway3.shtml

    You may wish to re-visit the updated
http://willgriffin.com/hughes.htm (refesh/reload the page to clear your
browser's cache of the previous copy) after reviewing the news articles
links about Enron provided above.  You should know and reasonably
foresee that you are not the only visitors to my Hughes pages.  You
should also know that I've had contact with the proper authorities and
this to include correspondences within this past week.  Then again, I'm
sure many in the pipeline of those who review this and my previous
advisory know this to be true, or to reasonably foresee the interest of
many others at a minimum.

    I believe you to foresee more to soon become public difficulties for
you and that the intensity will no doubt increase significantly.  You
should know that any political related problems will include Democrats
in volumes, but there exists quite a few Republicans who will disavow
and distance themselves from you.  The China-Hughes missile & satellite
technology transfers, that were cited in the Cox Committee report, and
the arming of Sadaam Hussein with Hughes technologies issues are about
to pop up their heads and see a longer shadow than the groundhog
recently did.  This, in addition to the recent articles about Enron,
current activities and forthcoming event horizons, is not good news for
Hughes interests.

    You just might want to ask William Rice Lummis and James A. Baker
III, et. al. how they intend to solicit the help of the guy who holds
the keys to resolve, who they've got a little miffed at them, because of
what was done to him in an ad hominem attempt.  Certainly, when it is
true that if he now does nothing and a profound correlation exists
between how bad things go for you and how good things go as a result for
him, then why should he help y'all?  It appears if you ask Mr. Baker
about the Matter of Hughes and how we hold the keys to an amiable
resolve, that he will stipulate that it will take some real "Politics of
Diplomacy" to persuade us to help you, but that this needs to be
urgently accomplished.

Will Griffin

 - griffgrp.vcf
 - griffgrp.vcf




