

Actually, Mike, the cost benefit for you guys is pretty good since the hassle 
is mostly on the legal and regulatory folks where it belongs!   Seriously,  
the quarterly FERC filing I mentioned needs to be done anyway as I understand 
it because we use it to apprise FERC of various changes in our compliance.  
Since Rich's folks out there don't ordinarily have access to "confidential 
transportation related information" except maybe for occasional advance info 
on operational problems or outages, there shouldn't be much need for training 
or risk of accidental disclosures.  There is no filing fee or other out of 
pocket cost, and we are, as always,  eager to help with any deals that might 
bring some value to ET&S or Corp.  (and who knows how valuable a little 
sucking up to EES might be in the long run!?) .  Just let us know what you 
decide to do and we'll get the paperwork done.  Thanks.  DF


   
	
	
		




Rich - Is this really worth the hassle? All the upside is on the side of EES, 
all the downside (work) appears to be on our side. It would appear to me that 
EES could rent an office in some executive office space provider .....but 
maybe I don't have my Enron hat on.


   
	
	
		




If the cost savings are worth a little bit of hassle, we can do this.  We'll 
need to make a FERC filing by the end of the 1st Q 2000 to identify the 
"shared facilities."  Also, if you decide to go forward, don't do it until 
1-1-2000 so we don't have to scramble to get the info in front of FERC this 
quarter.  Let me and Maria know what you decide to do and we'll arrange a 
briefing on the specific rules to be aware of and we'll make sure we 
understand the situation fully so we can properly disclose to FERC what is 
up.  Please call with any questions. Thanks.  DF   



Rich Jolly on 12/15/99 06:38:43 PM


Drew are we OK to go with this? We don't have any "confidential 
transportation-related information in our office. We do have some operating 
agreements and contracts but they aren't confidential that I know of.  
Rich


Drew Fossum
12/08/99 05:18 PM





EES is a marketing affiliate, so we do need to be careful about shared 
computer systems, phone systems, staplers, paper clips, etc.  If Rich and his 
office have no "confidential transportation-related information"  we might be 
able to do it, otherwise, the hassles and expense of building marketing 
affiliate firewalls might make it counterproductive.   I'm forwarding this to 
the experts for a quick yup or nope on this.  Thanks. DF  



Michel Nelson
12/08/99 05:24 PM



Rich - Per your phone mail, I see no reason why an EES employee couldn't 
office in your Region Office, providing he/she pays rent and we not break any 
market affiliate rules (if they apply here).

Drew - Saving $ for Enron. Any issues I'm overlooking?

Mike
















