

Q:  What has ECI done for me lately?  A:  Forced me to get new business 
cards.  Thanks a lot.  DF  
---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 12/13/99 09:20 
AM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		

Sent by: Office of the Chairman


Dear Enron Employees:

 With the addition of communications to our core businesses, it is 
appropriate for us to modify our existing tag line to simply "Endless 
possibilities."  This change is effective immediately and replaces our 
current tag line of "Natural gas. Electricity. Endless possibilities."

 To achieve our goal of a unified Enron brand, each employee has the 
responsibility to make the Enron image a consistent and strong identity.  
This is partially accomplished through correct application of the logo and 
tag line.  A revised Corporate Identity Guidelines Book has been developed to 
assist you in following the correct standards.  You may obain a copy of this 
new book by completing a Forms Request and ordering Item #42629.    These 
guidelines will also be made available electronically on the Brand Site at 
home.enron.com.

 We'd like to take this opportunity to remind all of you about the importance 
of maintaining a consistent look, especially with our stationery and business 
cards.  It has come to our attention recently that some employees are having 
these items produced by outside vendors and are not following the established 
guidelines.  This must stop immediately.  Please use the internal resources 
available to you for these items.  They will ensure that all guidelines are 
followed correctly and consistently.  If you have questions on how to get 
these items or on the guidelines, you may contact Marge Nadasky in Corporate 


 One name, one company....one Enron.  Our recent reorganization brings us 
another step closer to realizing this goal.  Please make sure you do your 
part to protect and strengthen the Enron brand around the world.

 Thank you for your continued support and cooperation.


      Office of the Chairman
