

Dear folks:
Hope all finds you well, given the circumstances.  I would very much like to go, but I continue to be embroiled in the energy mess and school has started (last year!).  Turns out I'm going to have to be in Southern California that Friday and part of Saturday for work.  I'm going to have to cancel.  If there are any charges, please let me know.  Hope to see all of you very soon.  Be safe.

Best,
Jeff



(E-mail)


that's really too bad, i hope you are still able to make it.  I am still
planning to go, but will definitely be riding only on Sunday and might drive
up on Saturday instead of on Friday.  Lu, I'll call you after I talk to Jeff
to confirm whether he's still going.
p



Pine (E-mail)


Hey guys--
It is my hope that you and your loved ones have not been directly
affected in the tragedy. 

I assume that the trip to Mendocino is still going forward. I am not
happy to report that my lower back has gotten worse and not better since
the accident in Hawaii. Sadly, I may have to pass on Mendocino. I will
find out more this upcoming week and let you know. 

If I do have to cancel I would assume we should keep the Grandma's room
for Jeff & Lu. If there are any potential cancellation charges I should
pay to Lari please let me know. I have been looking forward to this for
so long, I am sad to think of not joining all of you.

I will get back to you by Wednesday. 

Madeleine





Hi Group,

Need input for Lari as our ride approaches (Pat can you forward to Lu
and
ask him to reply to me).

I know some of you have ridden with Lari many times, but her scheduler
is
facilitating this process and has asked for some information.  Please
provide the following and I will batch and send to Lari:


Years riding
How often currently riding
type of riding (i.e. English lessons, dressage, trail)
type of saddle preferred
age, height and weight


Also, we initially planned on an all-day ride on Sat, and a four-hour
ride
on Sunday so we could all head back relatively early.  Lari would like
to
know where we want to ride on each day.  Nora is only riding for the
four-hour ride, and prefers the beach.  How about an all-day ride in the
redwoods on Saturday, with a four-hour beach ride on Sunday?


Amy