

Hello again,

I talked to Mary Jo yesterday and exchanged emails with Tricia - looks like they are thinking of a girls weekend in Chicago Oct. 26 -28.  If Tricia didn't ask you for your address before, she needs it - as do I.  How does that look for you?  I can get a ticket right now for $188.  

I do wish you would come down here with Jeff sometime.  Of course I would want to have you for part of the time you were here!  Jeff could come too - we could go to dinner or I could have a bar-b-que or something!

Yes - I am still hanging out with Pete.  Things are good. He is very nice and lots of fun! 

Keep me posted on the girls weekend and I hope things are going well for you!

Love, Kim

 

Hey Miss Kim,

I'm glad that you're doing well. Crazy world we live in now... scary!! Tricia Tlapek sent me an e-mail... it looks like she may try and organize a girl's get together w/ Mary Jo - it would GREAT fun to meet up with you there!!!

Jeff's traveling a lot less than he was... I'm sure he'll be down to Houston again in the not-too-distant future though. I'll try and swing a weekend at some point when he's down there - it would be fun to meet up in Houston too!

I'm glad to hear from you and looking forward to meeting up with you soon. Are you still hanging out with Pete??? 

I hope you're well! Miss you!!!
Laura

 

Laura,

Just wanted to drop you a note to see how things are with you.  With the things that happened a couple of weeks ago, our travel has been put off for a while.  I am still trying to plan a trip to N. Cali - perhaps in October sometime.  Since my Aruba trip has been cancelled, I have a little more time.  I will keep you posted and hopefully you would still like to visit Mary Jo and perhaps the spa or wine country.  Maybe we can get Vanny out there with us!  

Is Jeff still traveling back and forth alot?  The weather here just got a big break and it is very cool outside.  How is it there?  My favorite month in Portland is October, with the trees changing colors.  Anyway - must get back to work.  Talk to you soon!

Kim