

 
please print


Elizabeth Sager 
713-853-6349 


Cc: Tweed, Sheila


Elizabeth,
 
Please note paragraph 5.  I have spoken wiht Tracy Ngo.  In addition to language changes, we willwant to confirm that the existing letters of credit that are in place are not torn up.  Also, Tracy had some thoughts about the matrix.

 
Cc: Rasmussen, Dale; Parquet, David 



FYI..Jim 

 



 


Brian; Ghauri, Shahid A 
Cc: Allen, Robert 



        Attached is an initial draft of a letter agreement between AESC and LVC II, and Enron Power Marketing which is intended to set forth our understanding of the agreement reached between David Parquet and Dan Gordon yesterday.  Although prior versions of this document have been discussed with AESC, in the interest of expediting the review of the draft, it is being distributed to all parties simultaneously, and is for that reason subject to any further comments which AESC may have

concerning it.  

        Since I have not been involved in any of the existing agreements between Enron and Allegheny, I would appreciate it if those of you with knowledge of those matters ensure that I have accurately described in Paragraph 5 of this draft those agreements and the relevant parties to them.

        We look forward to your comments and to moving toward a resolution of the issues between the parties in the near future.

Skip Allen 
713-220-5816 

 <<#200009 v3 - Allegheny LVC Letter Agreement.doc>> 

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message may be an attorney-client communication and/or work product and as such is privileged and confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this document in error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message. 