

GF - Talk to CY or SH about the West Reliant request.  Thanks


Elizabeth Sager
713-853-6349

 
Cc:	Sager, Elizabeth
Importance:	High

The two Reliant deals that were sent to Legal (the EOL and non EOL) have already been given to Leslie Hansen for review.

As for the Schedule C being added to the west trades, should Christian or Steve be the attorney to handle those?  Do we have an attorney in the group in Houston familiar with the WSPP?

Genia

 
Cc:	Fitzgerald, Genia; Sager, Elizabeth
Importance:	High




 
Importance:	High

David,
I understand you are speaking with Shari Stack of Reliant regarding the wording of the option confirmation letters.  I had two other questions that you might help us with.  Sent to legal (deal 702644.01, 700154.01) EOL and non EOL deal, Enron states: Firm (LD) Energy  Reliant is striking through and placing firm (ld) Energy in lowercase.  
[Portz, David]  I think Genia has already allocated these to another attorney(s) in the group, or if she hasn't already, will.   I think it matters which Reliant affiliate you are speaking of, because we only have the EEI in effect with one of them, and "Firm (LD)" is a defined product type under the EEI. 


Also on our West trades, Product:  West Firm Energy
Reliant is adding service schedule C. [Portz, David]   I am requesting that Genia Fitzgerald designate an attorney who will help you with this. 

I can refax the above confirmations for your review if needed.

NRG Power Marketing:  The past trades that have not been signed by the counterparty, are those considered executed now that we have an EEI agreement?  
Does it cover the additional language in confirmations such as SP 15, NP 15, Nepool language? [Portz, David]    Past trades brought under the EEI Master were referenced on an Attachment A to the EEI Master dated effective June 29th 2001, prepared by Rhonda in coordination with NRG.  As such, the commercial terms of those confirms (corresponding with the numbers on the Attachment A spreadsheet) have clearly been affirmed in writing by the parties; price has not been specifically affirmed in writing however, and the remaining confirmation boilerplate is intended by the parties to be superseded by the EEI Master's terms.  It would thus seem advisable to reconfirm any currently outstanding trades on using the format(s) of EEI confirmation agreed betweent he parties.    The specific language re SP 15, NP 15, & Nepool would remain in effect as to the underlying trades  --  the EEI Master's text does not treat those matters anyway.  

Thanks for your help!

Stephanie Piwetz
Enron Power Marketing, Inc
(713) 853-9210
(713) 646-2443 FAX