
 
 I think Greg Whalley and John Lavorato are individuals we can trust.  I also know that those that we can not trust are aware that we are not afraid to press for answers and action!  Its interesting in that there seems to be two groups of individuals developing.  Those that are personally self centered and ask what's in it for me and a larger group of individuals who want to end the selfishness and work for the good of the total company.  Besides they all know as you do that I can be a real asshole if I don't get my way.  Ha, Ha
 
  
     
 Thanks for this tidbit - I would be extremely upset if Fastow were allowed one more lousy red cent!!!!  When will the raping of the employees by Management stop!!!!
 
  
     
 FOR YOUR INFORMATION
 
  
     
 I would have to check to speak definitively on any clauses in his contract, but I don't believe there was a change of control provision.  I don't know of anyone other than Ken who has one.  There was some argument regarding andy's contract and payments that might be due under involuntary termination, but at this time we are not paying anything.  Andy was put on a leave of absence, and subsequently resigned.  We are still investigating the related party transactions.  Hope this helps.
 
  
    Cc:	Schwieger, Jim
  
 Greg:
 
 A rumor is going around that Andy Fastow's employment contract had language that would allow him to be paid $9,000,000 or some amount if a change of control of the corporation occurred.  Several questions come to mind related to this issue that I would appreciate your response:
 	1)  Please confirm the existence of such a clause or similar clause in Mr. Fastow's contract that would allow him a claim of additional money from an Enron entity.
 	2)  If such a clause does exist what is Enron's intent as far as payment or litigation?
 	3)  What other Enron employee's have such clauses that would allow them to benefit from the merger?
 
 Your clarification of the above questions would be appreciated!
 
 	Thanks, Jim