
 
 
 
  
     
 hey i emailed one of my friends and asked her about kayaking,etc.  when
 i get a chancce i will look up some internet sights that might have info
 on that sort of thing in seattle. if you have a sec, you may want to try
 seattleinsider.com--- i think they are supposed to be pretty good and
 helpful
 
 i havent talked to luke yet, so i dont exactly know my plans for the
 weekend unfortunately....
 
 i am thinking that i will head to whistler on early saturday morning,
 and that way i can go to dinner with you and your friend on friday
 night, or head out and have drinks, or both, or whatever yall want to
 do!
 
 the weather is supposed to be great this weekend, but with seattle you
 never know.
 
 my MAJOR SUGGESTION is that you bring some sort of light jacket for
 sure, or a pullover or something. it gets so darn cold at night- believe
 me you will be glad.  plus on the ferry ride over to san juans it could
 get kind of chilly if you are sitting outside.
 
 ive already given you my cell phone number i think (206.851.9177)
 definitely call me when you get in town on thursday night or on friday.
 the number i have given you is my cell phone and you can call me anytime
 on it. if i dont answer, i check it frequently and you can leave a
 message and ill call you back.
 
 very exciting to have visitors from texas. see you friday hopefully.
 
 oh, where are you staying?
 bonnie
 
     
 
 Hi Bonnie,
 
 How are you doing?  Lisa said you'd broken your foot recently and have
 been stuck on crutches...which I'm guessing is no fun when you're riding
 public transportation.  Anyway, I was writing to see if you might have
 some suggestions of things to do and places to go while in Seattle.  One
 of my co-workers and myself are flying up Thursday for a long weekend in
 your fair city and were hoping to get a few pointers.  I hope you're
 still enjoying things as much as you were a few months ago.  It looks
 like you may have changed jobs already, which I trust is a good thing
 for you.  I'm very anxious to see the city and all it has to
 offer...there is a part of me that has always thought I'd like to live
 in the Pacific Northwest for a while (so this will be a little bit of a
 research trip for me).  If you could start thinking of suggestions for
 restaurants, bars, outdoor activities, etc. that would be great, and
 maybe if you're in town we could get together for a meal or a drink.
 
 Thanks a bunch,
 Susan