
 
 is this true?
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT on 10/16/2000 
 11:09 AM ---------------------------
     
 JS
 This is a matter of principle. Sheila was an analyst in our group this past 
 summer. She clearly outperformed her peers. I  have attempted to have her 
 brought onto the AA radar screensince last May .  Several of my atttempts to 
 have her involved in the summer program were rebuffed. I think she should get 
 an offer on principle, since we extend them to all high-performing summer 
 analysts. Fred also agrees with me that she was a great asset. Dan Diamond 
 and the rest of the EOL people would also concur.  I have no doubt she will 
 sail through Super Saturday.
 
 There are my thoughts on the matter.  I am happy to go along with your 
 suggestions. However, for the record, I think the AA program has long way to 
 go in its responsiveness and its ability to think outside the box.
 
 JF
 
 
    
 I'd like to have a few people meet her, but am confident in Jennifer's 
 ability to evaluate analysts.
 
 Jeff
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

  
 Jeff,
 Please see the notes below regarding Sheila Chang who was a summer intern 
 brought in from the Rice Leadership Program.  Interns that came in through 
 this Rice program did not go through the normal campus interviews by the A/A 
 Program.  The A/A Program would recommend that Sheila go through a round of 
 Super Saturday interviews just like all other Analyst off-cycle candidates.  
 This would allow other top Enron people to review Sheila and evaluate her 
 skill level.  
 
 With that said, I believe that Jennifer thinks highly of this individual and 
 the A/A Program could forgo the interviews it you agree to take Sheila in 
 your group for the first rotation.  Please confirm that you would like Sheila 
 to be made an offer from the A/A Program and that you will accept her in one 
 of the EGM groups upon graduation.  Thanks so much and if you have any 
 questions, please let me know.  
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Shelly Butler/HOU/ECT on 10/11/2000 03:46 
 PM ---------------------------
     
 Shelly and Shelly:
 I believe that Sheila should receive an offer now. She was one of the most 
 exceptional summer analysts. Based on this, I think she should get an offer 
 just any other top intern would have received one.
 Thanks
 Jen
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
    
 Shelly,
 
 Below is the information on Sheila as was described in my email this 
 morning.  I understand she will have to go through the Super Saturday process 
 just as any other Analyst would.  Will you please advise Jennifer on the 
 process and when Sheila will be participating?  Thanks so much for assisting 
 Jennifer in this effort.
 
 Jennifer,
 
 Shelly Jones is the Recruiting Manager for the Analyst Program and is 
 managing the current Super Saturday process.  She can provide more 
 information on hiring processes.
 
 Thank you,
 Shelly
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Shelly Butler/HOU/ECT on 10/11/2000 01:14 
 PM ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

  
 Shelly:
  Per our conversation this morning, I have attached Sheila Chang's resume. 
 Sheila was a summer analysts in the Middle Marketing group. She was part of 
 the Rice Leadership Program. I have served as Sheila's mentor in this 
 program, which seeks to provide business internships for non-business majors. 
 I believe that programs such as this and their candidates are essential to 
 Enron as they provide a pool of academically diverse, bright individuals who 
 can think outside the box.
 
 Sheila managed our EnronOnline Top 200 Natural Gas Users Project. She was 
 instrumental in ensuring the success of this project. By the time Sheila 
 left, we had signed up over 70% of the top US industrial natural gas 
 consumers. Sheila is an exceptionally quick study, as evidenced by her rapid 
 grasp of key derivative concepts and structures. Every week Sheila priced the 
 swaps and options for our customer newsletters. She also priced and helped 
 develop several customized structures for our clients. Finally, Sheila 
 demonstrated and exceptional work ethic that combined with all her other 
 attributes places her among the top summer analysts at Enron. I believe 
 Sheila should receive a full-time job offer from the program. She graduates 
 in May 2001. I am also prepared to offer Sheila a rotation in my group in 
 Global Markets upon her graduation.
 
 If you need any further information, please let me know.
 
 Thank you for your assistance with this matter.
 
 Jen Fraser
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
