
 
 sounds good.
 
 
    Cc: Steffes, James D.; Novosel, Sarah; Lindberg, Susan
  mediation
 
 
 I agree with Steve.  We should join in the response to oppose the request for stay. 
 
 
    Cc: Steffes, James D.; Novosel, Sarah; Lindberg, Susan
  mediation
 
 
 In order to remain consistent with our message in the rest of the region, supporting FERC order, I suggest we join in the response. SM  
 
 
    Cc: Steffes, James D.; Novosel, Sarah; Lindberg, Susan
  
 
 Steve or Joe -- Is there a reason that politically we would not want to join in a response against the North Carolina Utility Commission's request to stay the SE RTO mediation?  At least some others (Electricities) is planning to oppose, so it will not go unopposed if Enron doesn't join in.  From a pure FERC filing perspective, I have reviewed and totally disagree with the NCUC's request and would be happy to support FERC.  (DUE 8/28)
 
 Thanks
 
 
    Bob (FMPA)
 Cc: Horwood, James N.; Norris, Clay (Electricities)
  
 
 As you may know, while several state Commissions have sought rehearing of
 FERC's July 12 orders initiating the RT-100 mediation, the NCUC accompanied
 its rehearing application with an August 13 motion to stay that Order.
 ElectriCities, via Jim Horwood of our firm, is planning to file on August 28
 in opposition to that motion, on the grounds that a single RTO for the
 Southeast is well worth attempting to achieve through mediation and that the
 GridSouth record belies the NCUC's claims of surprise.  A multiparty
 opposition by multiple transmission customers and others would be helpful in
 keeping RTO unification on track.  Accordingly, we invite you all to
 consider joining in our opposition (draft to be circulated in advance of the
 August 28 due date but not yet written) or filing an opposition of your own.
 If you're sufficiently interested in joining such a motion to want an
 advance draft for confidential review, please let me know who should get it,
 along with any special considerations on timing.