
 
 Are there lots more. If not, $2.5 million is not Whalley level discussion. Same point as we discussed this am. Rick
 
  
     
 Should we address this one with Whalley?
 
  
    Cc:	Suttle, John; Staley, Stuart
  
 Bill, 
 
 It's about 2.5 million dollars (cash not LC), and this helps us cover a short position we need to cover.  I want to do this deal.
 
 Jeff
 
  
     
 What do you want to about this?  This is tying up capital when we are a little bit short on capital.
 
 Bill
 
 
  
    Cc:	Nelson, Roderick; Bradford, William S.; Peters, Jez; Bradley, Peter
  
 John:
 
 Appreciate seeing the old e-mail again, but remind you that the Shenhua cargo was agreed 22 Oct.  As mentioned, we will certainly try to push Shenhua to entertain alternative arrangements, but the Chinese are usually quite difficult on this subject (to date, all Chinese cargoes have required Enron to post an LC).  It's a good idea to get Shankman thinking about this one today, because it is likely that we will need to post an LC for this cargo.  If timing is an issue, I'm sure we can drag the process out a few weeks since delivery is not until mid-Jan.
 
 Regardless, need your input as soon as possible on whether we can continue transacting business where cash collection is not coincident (or in advance of) cash out the door.
 
 Thks,
 
 Stu
 
  
    Cc:	Nelson, Roderick; Bradford, William S.; Peters, Jez
  
 Stu - 
 
 As per the e-mail below, RAC must be contacted prior to transacting on an L/C basis.  This was the same message I conveyed to the Australian team early last week.  The Shenhua deal definitely falls within the description and is an issue to be resolved.
 
 I will talk to Jeff Shankman today about the use of L/Cs and capital in the near future, and see what resolution can be reached with the positions and strategy you hold in your book.
 
 John
 
  
    Cc:	Nelson, Roderick
  
 fyi
 
  
    Cc:	Nelson, Roderick
  
 In this current climate we should try wherever possible not to commit to posting collateral to counterparties for physical purchases of product unless absolutely necessary.  We should offer an Enron Corp guarantee as an alternative.  In the event that we are asked to post security to a counterparty would you please contact credit before doing so.
 The credit hotline number is 36555
 
 thanks for your co-operation.
 
 Paul