
 
 
 FYI
  

  
 I think your response is exactly right.  JPMorgan is in complete agreement with
 this view and will communicate that to the Fed which has also requested a
 meeting with us.  Since our request for a meeting comes from our examiners (and
 in view of the past views expressed by some former members of our firm) we will
 actually have a meeting--but our message will be the same as yours.
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Two weeks ago, a member of the FRBNY legal staff asked to meet with AIG
 staff to discuss AIG's present and proposed retail swap activities. I
 responded that AIG does not now and has no plans to engage in that activity.
 For that reason, I stated that it was premature to consider the need to
 regulate an activity that does not now exist and that ought to be the
 agencies response to Congress.
 
      
                         
      For your information, I have attached correspondence from the
 Federal
      Reserve requesting ISDA's participation in the Commodity Futures
      Modernization Act retail swaps study.  The correspondence also lists
      interview topics/questions. Please do not hesitate to call if you
 have any
      questions.  Many thanks!   -- Stacy
 
      Stacy Carey
      Policy Director
      International Swaps and Derivatives Association
      600 5th Avenue, 27th Floor
      Rockefeller Center
      New York, NY  10020
      (212) 332-1202 ph
      (212) 332-1212 fax
      (917) 543-9622 cell

 
 
      >  <<FRBNYLtr.pdf>>
      >
      >  << File: FRBNYLtr.pdf >>
 
 
 
 
 This communication is for informational purposes only.  It is not intended as
 an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument
 or as an official confirmation of any transaction. All market prices, data
 and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and
 are subject to change without notice. Any comments or statements made herein
 do not necessarily reflect those of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., its
 subsidiaries and affiliates.