
 
 Have him interview with Dan Rogers, Alan Aronowitz, Barbara Gray, and ask 
 them who else they would like to have talk with him.  Thanks.  Michelle
 
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
    
 Got your voicemail with Carlos' attached, and will be happy to schedule the 
 interviews for him on Monday and/orTuesday.   Who did you decide he should 
 interview with?
 
 Molly
 
 
 
 Michelle Cash
 12/05/2000 11:33 AM
    
 no, hold all of them until I speak with him -- we've obviously got a lot of 
 interest!  Michelle
 
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
    
 I'll wait to hear from you for all interviews for him--or did you want me to 
 go ahead and schedule him with Barbara anyway?
 
 
 
 Michelle Cash
 12/05/2000 11:00 AM
    
 Here are others who want to interview Carlos.  I tell you what -- before you 
 schedule any of these, let me talk with Carlos first to see where his 
 interests lie.  Keep these names, and I'll keep you posted on who to schedule 
 with him.  Thanks.  Michelle
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 12/05/2000 11:00 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 
 Alan Aronowitz
 12/05/2000 10:46 AM
    
 Dan Rogers and I would each like to meet with Carlos for a potential position 
 with EGM. Could you arrange?
 
 Alan
 
 
 
 Michelle Cash
 12/04/2000 10:04 PM




   
 Attached is the resume of Carlos Sole, who currently is working for EECC.  He 
 is interested in pursuing opportunities within EWS, and we received excellent 
 references about his work performance from John Schwartzenburg and Kay Mann.  
 I am meeting with him on Friday of this week (he is out of town until then).  
 If you have an interest in talking with him, let me know, and I will arrange 
 a meeting.
 
 Thanks.  Michelle
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 12/04/2000 09:47 
 PM ---------------------------
     
 
 Michelle, per my voicemail as I indicated, I am trying to pursue what 
 opportunities may be available at EWS and both Julia Murray and Kay Mann 
 recommended that I contact you.  As background, I have been at EECC since 
 October last year where I have focused on traditional EPC contracts and joint 
 venture agreements with construction partners, cross-border financing 
 agreements principally in Mexico and merger and acquisition/strategic 
 investment transactions.  Before coming to Enron, I worked with the Houston 
 office of a New York based firm (Curtis, Mallet-Prevost, Colt & Mosle)  where 
 I focused mostly on transactions in Mexico since we represented Pemex on 
 their transactions involving long and short term oil supply agreements and 
 CFE (Mexico's electricity commission) on its public bids for EPC and IPP 
 projects.  Lastly, I started my legal career in 1994 at Patton Boggs in 
 Washington, DC where I focused on general domestic corporate transactions 
 such as establishing new business entities (ie, joint venture work, 
 partnerships etc.), m & a work, and securities offerings.  Thanks for your 
 consideration and I look forward to talking with you when you return from 
 vacation (my extension is 6-6127).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
