
 
 
 FYI
  
     
 Michelle:
 
 After I sent you my prior emails, Garry Mathiason responded with the
 following emails on the two subjects that you raised.  Garry usually has
 helpful insights so I thought I would pass them along:
 
 Regarding the terrorism audit, this is an "external" threat assessment and
 requires a qualified security company.  I think that Johnathan Tal could do
 such an audit as well as some other more established security firms.
 
  <<Johnathan Tal>>
 
 Regarding the HR consultant, the potential list is endless.  I have some top
 level contacts with Delotte's Human Capital group.  Meanwhile, I think the
 best non-attorney group on downsizing is probably  Right and Associates.
 This is an area that we (Littler) have developed into a science.  At Cisco,
 HP, AA, AOL, Solection, etc. we have advised on many of this issues.  Call
 me if you would like specifics.  Garry
 
 Michelle, here is the local contact for Right & Associates whom I have met:
 
  <<Joe A. Bowden>>
 
 It does not look like we have an off-the-shelf memo on legal issues related
 to Terrorism, but with our workplace violence work, we probably can put
 something together less expensively and more thoroughly than other firms.
 Let me know what we can do to help.
 
 Kerry E Notestine
 Littler Mendelson, PC
 1900 Chevron Tower
 1301 McKinney Street
 Houston, Texas 77010
 713.652.4748
 713.951.9212 (fax)

 www.littler.com
 
 
 ----
 This email may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender by reply email and delete all copies of this message.
 
 To reply to our email administrator directly, send an email to

 
 Littler Mendelson, P.C.
 http://www.littler.com
 
 
 
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

 To:
      
 6/01
 
 
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

  To:
      
 Asked to speak at HR Roundtable in April of 2001