
 
 Thanks.  We're on the same page.  Already notified folks.  But given the 
 witch hunt, figured we'd sit back and let things run their course.  
 
 
 
 

 
 	

 	
  
 
 
 Jeff, this sounds like an opportunity for Enron on line.  We should bide our
 time for now, but tell the guys in the server farms to gear up.  Mike
 







 Cc: Sullivan, Glen J.; Lorenz, Lad - TPLPL; Suwara, J.- TPJUS; Betonte,
 Robert - TP2RSB; Follett, B. David - TPDBF
  Importance: High
 Sensitivity: Confidential
 
 
 
 
 
 Dear fellow signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement:
 
 On Friday of last week, SoCalGas and PG&E informed ALJ Biren that Altra had
 definitively declined to offer the electronic trading services that both the
 already-approved PG&E settlement and the pending SoCalGas/SDG&E
 Comprehensive Settlement contemplated would be provided specifically by
 Altra for at least an intial period.  Both SoCalGas and PG&E sent a letter
 and email to to the full service list yesterday (Tues, 9/5) informing
 parties of this development.
 
 SoCalGas believes that some modification to the Comprehensive Settlement in
 necessary to take this development into account, and that we then need to
 file the modification as soon as possible with the Commission.  The ALJ has
 indicated to us that some formal filing with the Commission in response to
 this development will be necessary.
 
 We want to work with the signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement to
 reach a consensus as soon as possible.  Our goal is to cause little or no
 delay in the processing of a decision on the Comprehensive Settlement.
 
 What SoCalGas has in mind is modifying the settlement to remove the specific
 naming of Altra and to insert language saying that SoCalGas will select and
 contract with a third-party provider for a specified period of time, without
 identifying in the settlement who that will be.   We also need to consider
 whether we should address in the revision to the settlement how we will
 handle the possibility that the third-party provider will not be ready to
 operate by the April 1, 2001 date the settlement provides for the monthly
 imbalance trading, OFO day imbalance chip trading, and storage rights
 trading.  SoCalGas is looking at interim arrangements that it could provide
 in-house starting April 1, 2001, until the third-party provider could begin
 service.  We also might consider what would happen if no third party
 provider can be found.
 
 To avoid any claims that we have not complied with the settlement rules,
 today we mailed and emailed to the full service list a notice of a
 settlement conference for Wednesday of next week.  We want to file something
 with the Commission very promptly thereafter.
 
 Please feel free to contact Glen Sullivan at 619-699-5027, Lad Lorenz at
 213-244-3820, Bob Betonte at 213-244-3832, or June Suwara at 213-244-3504 on
 this subject.
 
 For those of you who have not heard, Brian Cherry has submitted his
 resignation from Sempra Energy's Regulatory Affairs Dept. and will be going
 to work shortly for PG&E in a similar capacity.
 
