
 
 you bet.  Helps a lot having you identify the interests.  So please continue 
 doing that.  I'll keep you up on what's happening as it happens.
 
 
 

 	12/19/2000 04:29 PM
 		
 		  		  		  
 thanks jeff, I was just wanted to make sure that our interests were clear.  
 Thanks for staying on top of these issues.
 
 
 
 


  
 Thanks.  These are the portions of the deal that I've been highlighting as 
 problematic for us with the settlement group for  the past few weeks.  The 
 group knows that unless there's some compromise on these points in a way that 
 directly addresses our concerns, we won't be signing anything.  After 
 yesterday's call, at which Edison blew the meeting up, there's no deal in 
 sight in the immediate term.
 
 
 

 	12/19/2000 08:47 AM
 		

 		  
 If this settlement discussion is close to possible we should immediately 
 starting switching customers to standard offer.  Scott
 
 Other comments: 
 
 This would be the critical excerpts for us:
 
 Upon termination by a customer of the utility commitment in favor of a direct 
 access arrangement, a customer could not return to the utility portfolio, 
 except on a spot-price basis, for a period of [one year]; accommodations 
 would be made for customers abandoned by direct access providers with no 
 market alternatives.
 
 (2) Large customers would be required to commit to a minimum service term of 
 [12-36 months]; discontinuing service prior to the end of the committed term 
 to engage in a direct access transaction with another supplier would result 
 in a true-up of the price paid by the customer and the actual portfolio price 
 during the term.
 
 These comments are applicable:
 The first term would be okay if it does not change to limit us from switching 
 back to utility because we have been off for one year.  The issues is whether 
 the one year terms is notice or elapsed time.  This suggests time is of the 
 essense in switching back to standard offer.
 The 2nd term would be okay but 12 would be a lot better than 36.  And 24 is 
 pretty good too. 36 is better than a kick in the head.
 
 And a principle that, 
 DA customers would have access to the existing generation, at cost, the same 
 as all other industrials, should be added.
 
 We should not sign off on this solution (if they are seeking it) unless we 
 have the option to switch back to standard offer.
 
 
 
 



   
 FYI.  Please keep this internal and confidential.  Here's where the group I 
 mentioned left off last Friday.  It will be useful for our discussion this 
 afternoon.  You'll note from the comments that it's anything but a done 
 deal.  I'll forward the SF press mentioned in the note.
 
 Best,
 Jeff 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 12/18/2000 11:36 AM -----
 

 	12/17/2000 11:05 PM
 		 








 		  		  
 A revised CESG outline is attached, updated to reflect Friday's
 discussion.  While we discussed much greater detail, I have continued to
 try to keep the outline more general to avoid generating a treatise at
 this point.  Particularly, we discussed much greater detail around the
 rate stabilization plan than is reflected in the attached outline.
 
 SCE has committed to providing some sort of percentage or tiered term
 structure for forward contracting to complete that section of the
 framework (section 2).  Obviously, PG&E's ideas in this area would also
 be welcome.
 
 In Section 4 (undercollections) I have thrown in the numbers provided to
 the Chronicle for the Saturday morning article describing the extent to
 which the utilities may have already committed to Governor Davis to
 absorb undercollections.  (Which leads to the question for John and Dan,
 again, whether we are wasting our time with this exercise given the
 media coverage describing the state of the IOU deal.)
 
 Delaney has committed to provide a call-in number for tomorrow's 3:30
 conference call.  Thank you all again for your efforts.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
