
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 01/04/2001 04:37 PM -----
 

 	01/04/2001 04:18 PM
 		



 		  		  Thus Far)
 
 We just received a letter from the PX asking us to enter into an indemnity 
 agreement with them or requiring us to post collateral for the full amount of 
 the unsecured credit exposure.  We are researching this issue from the EES 
 side.  Wanda and Don, we are sending this letter to you.  Can you determine 
 what amounts we are talking about for EES?   This letter has also been sent 
 to EPMI and Portland General and I assume will be reviewed by their legal 
 team.  Bill Bradford, have you sent this on to Portland General.?
 If I have missed someone that this memo should have been forwarded to, please 
 forward it on. 
 Jeff Dasovich, can you forward to Mike Day?
 
 


































  Far)  
 
 The Commission voted out the order 5-0, essentially as it appeared 
 yesterday.  Three key changes:
 They clarified that the surcharge applies to Direct Access customers (but the 
 entire "rate freeze" structure remains intact for now).
 The Commission reversed itself and chose not to adopt TURN's "netting out" of 
 gen revenues and CTC collections, and said instead that the Commission will 
 consider it as an option in the next phase (a move likely made in order to 
 lower chances of a successful utility appeal).
 The Commission added to the decision language saying that it will study the 
 pros/cons of securitizating the utilities' power purchase costs.  They will 
 submit a report on the issue to the Governor and Legislature.
 On this last point, wire reports are rampant about the possibility that 
 legislation will be introduced as early as today proposing to securitize the 
 utilties' power purchase costs.  This action has reportedly been the result 
 of discussions that occured through the night between the governor's office, 
 the utilities and the ratings agencies in reponse to the fact that the 
 decision issued by the PUC falls well short of what's needed to keep the IOUs 
 credit worthy and solvent.  As a result of those wires stories, the 
 utilities' stock has come back (Edison was down as low as 6.25 and is 
 currently at 10 7/8; PG&E was at 8 7/8 and is currently at 11 7/8).  We're 
 working with Sandi McCubbin, who heads-up our legislative activities in 
 California, to get more info and will report back.
 The hearing was dominated by highly charged anti-generator, anti-marketer 
 rhetoric, which is likely to play a prominent role in the press accounts.  
 Only FERC was demonized more.
 Each of the Commissioners, including the most recent "interim" appointee,  
 made strong statements regarding the undesirability of utility bankruptcy.
 The Commission left open the possibility of "doing more" at their next 
 meeting (two weeks from today), which means the negotiations with the 
 utilities and ratings agencies are likely to continue. And if an agreement is 
 reached, it could end up on the next agenda.
 
