
 
 FYI.  It's been reported that the legislative committee intends to subpoena 
 generators and marketers to testify before the committe, though nothing in 
 this press release mentions any subpoenas.
 
 Jeff
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 01/08/2001 10:26 PM -----
 

 	01/08/2001 06:00 PM
 	Please respond to kaplan
 		 















































 		  		  Will Organize Statewide Public Hearings, Examine Financial Practices and 
 Craft Policy.
 
 For Immediate Release:January 8, 2001
 Contact: Paul Hefner
 Phone:(916) 319-2408
 
 Speaker Hertzberg Names Committee To Handle Energy Crisis. Members Will
 Organize Statewide Public Hearings, Examine Financial Practices and Craft
 Policy.
 
 
 SACRAMENTO - Working quickly to address the state's energy crisis, Assembly
 Speaker Robert M. Hertzberg (D-Van Nuys) and
 Assembly Minority Leader Bill Campbell (R-Villa Park) announced today the
 formation of a new committee that will hold public hearings across
 the state, shape legislation and probe financial practices among utilities
 and generators.
 
 "The public deserves to know what went wrong. They deserve to know where the
 money went. They deserve answers, and we are going to get
 them," Speaker Hertzberg said. "In addition, members of the committee will
 hold hearings around the state to assess the impact of this crisis in
 every region of California."
 
 "I applaud the Speaker's decision to form a special committee to address the
 energy crisis," said Minority Leader Campbell (R-Villa Park). "He
 has indicated a desire to make the committee bi-partisan and Republicans
 look forward to working cooperatively to resolve the significant
 energy crisis that California faces."
 
 Aside from shaping the state's energy policy during the special session, the
 Assembly Committee on Energy Costs and Availability will hold
 public hearings across the state, seeking comment from ratepayers,
 small-business owners and consumers on how the energy crunch is affecting
 them.
 
 "This committee's first priority regarding the setting of rates for electric
 power will be price stability," said Assemblymember Roderick D. Wright
 (D-South Central Los Angeles), who Speaker Hertzberg named as Chairman of
 the Assembly Committee on Energy Costs and Availability.
 "This deregulation experiment has been risky and expensive, and has put the
 economic well-being of this state in jeopardy."
 
 The committee will work with the staff of the Speaker's Office of Oversight
 to determine how utility companies have spent the money they
 received for their stranded costs, and what generators have done with their
 dramatic influx of cash.
 
 "The public has a right to know where that money has gone," said
 Assemblymember Darrell Steinburg. "We will conduct a thorough
 investigation to determine just that."
 
 The Speaker noted that David Wiggs, who helped restructure the Los Angeles
 Department of Water and Power in 1997, has been retained as
 an advisor to the committee. Wiggs will help the committee sort through
 market reforms and oversight of past utility spending. Wiggs is a retired
 chairman of El Paso Electric Co. and an experienced advisor for issues
 related to the electric utility industry. He is largely credited for leading
 El
 Paso Electric through a multi-year bankruptcy proceeding.
 
 "There is no doubt that the state's consumers are faced with the most
 serious energy crisis in decades," said Assembly Speaker pro Tem Fred
 Keeley (D- Boulder Creek). "We are focused on market reforms, demand
 responsiveness measures and measures to stabilize the energy
 supplies. Consumers will only genuinely be protected from increasing energy
 prices when substantive reforms of the market place are adopted
 and take hold. Specifically we must, through legislative and regulatory
 actions, reform the way electricity is bought and sold and the way we
 contract for power on a long-term basis."
 
 Speaker Hertzberg named the following additional members to the new
 committee:
 
   Assemblymember Anthony Pescetti (R-Rancho Cordova) (Vice-chair)
   Assembly Speaker pro Tem Fred Keeley (D-Boulder Creek)
   Assemblymember Darrell Steinberg (D-Sacramento)
   Assemblymember Juan Vargas (D-National City)
   Assemblymember Jenny Oropeza (D-Long Beach)
   Assemblymember Manny Diaz (D-San Jose)
   Assemblymember Charlete Zettel (R-Poway)
   Assemblymember Keith Richman (R-Los Angeles)
   Assemblymember Richard Dickerson (R-Redding)
   Assemblymember Joe Canciamilla (D-Pittsburg)
   Assemblymember John Dutra (D-Fremont)
   Assemblymember Hannah-Beth Jackson (D-Santa Barbara)
   Assemblymember Carole Migden (D-San Francisco)
   Assemblymember Sarah Reyes (D-Fresno)
   Assemblymember Bill Leonard (R-Rancho Cucamonga)
   Assemblymember John Campbell (R-Orange County)
   Assemblymember Mike Briggs (R-Clovis)
 
                                                     ####
 
                                        ASSEMBLYMEMBER ROBERT HERTZBERG
                                             40TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
                              Capitol Office: P.O. Box 942849 -- Sacramento,
 CA 94249-0001 -- (916) 319-2040
                         District Office: 6150 Van Nuys Boulevard, Suite
 305 -- Van Nuys, CA 91401 -- (818) 376-4040
 
 Katie Kaplan
 Manager of State Policy Affairs
 Independent Energy Producers Association
 (916) 448-9499
 
 
