
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 02/06/2001 11:32 PM -----
 

 	02/06/2001 09:30 PM
 		

















































 		  		  
 Good morning !
 
 Judge Orders Supplier To Continue Selling Power To Calif
   
 02/06/2001 
 Dow Jones Energy Service 
 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.) 
 
 
 SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)--A U.S. judge Tuesday temporarily ordered an 
 electricity supplier to continue selling power to the state, effectively 
 extending an emergency federal directive. Two other suppliers agreed they 
 would continue sales as well. 
 
 
 U.S. District Judge Frank Damrell, citing the possibility of "obvious 
 irreparable harm to the public," said Tuesday his temporary order requires 
 Reliant Energy Services Inc. to continue sales at least until a further 
 hearing on Wednesday.
 
 
 Wholesalers AES Pacific Inc. and Dynegy Power Corp., not covered under the 
 temporary injunction, said they would continue sales until that hearing as 
 well. 
 
 
 The suppliers provide enough electricity to serve 4 million homes. 
 Electricity grid officials said losing that source could have produced 
 rolling blackouts like the ones that hit the state twice last month. 
 
 
 The Independent System Operator, which maintains the state's power grid, 
 sought the restraining order on an emergency basis as the federal directive 
 neared its midnight PST Tuesday expiration. 
 
 
 President Bush had said his administration would not renew the orders, which 
 were first issued by the Clinton administration and were extended by Spencer 
 Abraham, Bush's energy secretary. 
 
 
 Reliant filed a lawsuit against the system operator last week after receiving 
 a letter it sent to 140 power generators asking them to agree to continue 
 selling power after the expiration. The Houston-based company said it should 
 not have to bear the cost of California's energy crisis. 
 
 
 Reliant representatives did not immediately return calls for comment Tuesday.
 
 
 
  
 
   
 Copyright , 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 