
 
 Davis' deadlines on energy much easier set than met
 By Emily Bazar
 Bee Staff Writer
 (Published Feb. 23, 2001) 
 Exactly one week ago, Gov. Gray Davis sounded hopeful, optimistic even, when 
 he predicted that the state and its debt-ridden utilities would forge an 
 agreement by today on a plan to save the companies from financial doom. 
 Problem is, it won't work out that way. 
 Negotiations between state officials and the investor-owned utilities have 
 produced no comprehensive agreement to announce today. 
 Davis' predictions during the energy crisis have been wrong before. 
 For weeks, he has set deadlines for agreements and legislative action that 
 haven't been met. On deadline days, even when there's little substantive 
 progress to report, Davis often holds news conferences anyway -- many of them 
 on Friday afternoons after financial markets close. 
 The Democratic governor's office scheduled an "announcement" for today in Los 
 Angeles, even though one utility representative said agreement is far away. 
 Davis' actions have fueled speculation that he's trying to force consensus by 
 setting artificial deadlines and putting a spin on the news, and tarnishing 
 the state's credibility in the process. 
 "I can't see how you would negotiate such a complex deal, like the purchase 
 of the transmission grid, in such a short period of time. It doesn't seem 
 realistic," said Gary Ackerman of the Western Power Trading Forum, an 
 association of wholesale generators. "I guess the people I represent have 
 turned it off. They have stopped listening. They hear it and say, 'OK, sure. 
 Here's another photo op.' " 
 Last Friday, Davis told a gathering of reporters that state officials and the 
 utilities would agree by today on a rescue plan for the utilities. 
 "I believe we'll have agreement before next week is out, on exactly what 
 should go in a piece of legislation," he said at the time. "And hopefully, 
 that legislation will be passed by the end of the following week." 
 Legislative veterans said his comments were ill-advised and unrealistic. 
 Davis met into the night Thursday with top officials of Pacific Gas and 
 Electric Co., but no agrement was reached. 
 "These are complicated problems that will not be solved overnight," said PG&E 
 spokesman Ron Low. "On some issues, we are very far away from agreement." 
 Sources said PG&E has been unwilling to negotiate sale of its transmission 
 lines, which Davis has said is a necessary component of a deal. More progress 
 was reported with the two other near-bankrupt companies -- San Diego Gas and 
 Electric Co. and Southern California Edison -- although sources said talks 
 with them were far from concluded. 
 Davis has been setting specific deadlines for himself and the Legislature for 
 months: 
 In November, the governor promised to present a comprehensive "plan" by Dec. 
 1 to stave off a full-blown energy crisis, but ended up offering only a 
 modest slate of proposals. 
 Davis called Feb. 12 a "drop dead" date by which he hoped to cement a deal 
 between lawmakers and the utilities. There's no deal yet. 
 Davis told reporters that he and the state's legislative leaders would reach 
 a "consensus agreement" on the proposal to take to utilities by last Friday. 
 It didn't happen; he made the announcement alone. 
 Leon Panetta, a White House chief of staff under former President Clinton, 
 said it's important that the governor set deadlines because the nature of 
 politics is to delay. 
 However, he cautioned against missing deadlines. 
 "You have to be careful that you keep the deadlines you establish, because 
 the more that you establish and not meet, the more that begins to lose its 
 value as a political tool," Panetta said. 
 The governor can't continue to indefinitely set deadlines without facing 
 consequences, cautioned Steven Fetter, managing director of the Global Power 
 Group at Fitch, a credit-rating agency based in New York. 
 At some point, he warned, creditors and power suppliers may push the 
 utilities into involuntary bankruptcy, which would trigger an official 
 deadline that can't be ignored. The dispute would be tied up in court at a 
 judge's discretion. 
 "Eventually, there is going to be a real deadline," Fetter said. "The problem 
 is it's probably not a deadline that will be set by Gov. Davis. It's a 
 deadline that will be set by the banks and the (electricity) suppliers." 
 In several cases when deadlines haven't been met, Davis has held a news 
 conference regardless, unveiling little new information and scant detail. 
 On Jan. 26, for instance, the governor promoted the broad framework of a plan 
 to save the utilities rather than a detailed plan that had been anticipated. 
 One prong of the plan: "Aggressively promote energy efficiency, conservation 
 and demand reduction among consumers, businesses and public entities." 
 Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said that the governor continues to set 
 deadlines because it's important to show that the state is making progress, 
 particularly to Wall Street. 
 He added that it's not the governor's fault the deadlines have been missed. 
 "Many of the dates have been blown away by factors no one has been able to 
 foresee or have control over: court decisions, actions by creditors, weather, 
 you name it," Maviglio said. "The governor sets deadlines that continue to 
 move the ball forward and he has been successful at doing that." 
 Many of these announcements came after 2 p.m. on Fridays, triggering 
 suggestions that the governor has attempted to spin the facts and manipulate 
 the markets. 
 Timing announcements after the close of East Coast financial markets is 
 commonly used by politicians who don't want to send stocks soaring or 
 tumbling by making an announcement, Panetta said. 
 "You want people to evaluate what's happening so there isn't a panic reaction 
 to a news flash going over the wire," he said. 
 But market analysts say that ever since PG&E and Edison stocks plummeted in 
 early January, the governor's statements haven't significantly affected their 
 performance. 
 "There has been so much news that has been so negative for the companies that 
 I don't think it makes much of a difference," said Ed Schuller, a senior vice 
 president for the full-service brokerage firm Sutro & Co. "It's beyond that 
 point now." 
