
 
 Feds Hint at Power Bill Refunds 
 Firms ordered to justify high rates 
 David Lazarus and Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Staff Writers
 Saturday, March 10, 2001 
 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
 URL: 
 http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/10/M
 N144141.DTL 
 Federal regulators warned power companies yesterday that they may have to 
 refund $69 million to California ratepayers for charging unreasonable prices 
 during recent electricity shortages. 
 However, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission left the door wide open for 
 the unnamed 13 generators to avoid refund payments if they could offer 
 "further justification" for why their rates should be considered fair. 
 Consumer activists were quick to note that the commission's order was 
 significant. 
 "They have acknowledged for the first time that there has been abuse of the 
 marketplace," said Doug Heller, assistant organizing director for the 
 Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights in Santa Monica. "It's an 
 acknowledgment that the power companies have been ripping us off." 
 However, consumer groups also pointed out that the order -- issued late in 
 the day -- was partly a political ploy intended to make the Bush 
 administration look more sympathetic to California's plight. 
 The proposed $69 million refund also represents only a fraction of the 
 billions of dollars that utilities have had to pay due to rising electricity 
 rates. 
 The commission set narrow parameters for power charges in January that may be 
 considered unreasonable. It is only considering charges above $273 per 
 megawatt hour during the series of Stage 3 energy emergencies that threatened 
 statewide blackouts. 
 William Massey, the lone commissioner who voted against the order, noted that 
 of 70,300 power transactions in January above $150 per megawatt hour, only 
 about 13,000 fall within the regulatory commission's parameters for potential 
 refunds. 
 "This order is arbitrary, capricious and unlawful," he said. "Eighty percent 
 of the transactions have been excluded from refunds." 
 But commission Chairman Curt Hebert characterized the order as an aggressive 
 effort to safeguard California consumers. 
 "Today's refund order demonstrates the commission's commitment to ensure 
 appropriate and reasonable prices in the wholesale electricity market given 
 the supply and demand imbalance in California," he said in a statement. 
 POWER COMPANIES NOT WORRIED
 Gary Ackerman, executive director of the Western Power Trading Forum, an 
 energy-industry association in Menlo Park, said power companies are not 
 worried about the prospect of having to pay out millions of dollars in 
 refunds. 
 "The people I've talked to said they can justify the costs for a majority of 
 hours where FERC said there may have been overcharges," he said. 
 "We will be supplying supporting data to FERC," said Richard Wheatley, a 
 spokesman for Reliant Energy in Houston. "We commend them for doing this 
 review. We believe this can be resolved and we can all move on." 
 Jan Smutny-Jones, president of the Independent Energy Producers, a trade 
 group representing out-of-state generators, said the commission's order shows 
 that the system is working. 
 "In my opinion, what has been identified is talking about potential refunds, 
 " he said. "The generators will have a chance to justify their rates. I'm not 
 terribly troubled by that." 
 The California Independent System Operator, which oversees the state's power 
 grid, welcomed the order, although it said $69 million is lower than its own 
 estimates of potential overcharges. 
 The ISO had asked the commission earlier this month to review $350 million in 
 January power charges that exceeded the regulatory commission's "soft cap" of 
 $150 per megawatt hour. 
 A soft cap means the price can exceed the prescribed amount as long as a 
 supplier can justify the charge. 
 REFUND ORDERS ARE RARE
 "The granting of refunds by FERC is not a common occurrence," said Charles 
 Robinson, the ISO's general counsel. "We're treading new ground." 
 Considering the potential ramifications of the order, the commission was 
 oddly furtive in issuing its press release at the very end of the business 
 week. 
 The commission's press office already was closed by the time of the 
 announcement, and the commissioners had left for the day. 
 Reached at his home, Massey acknowledged that the commission was all but 
 inviting power companies to bury the commission in paperwork to support their 
 wholesale rates. 
 "Welcome to the Hebert chairmanship," he said. 
 Hebert was appointed head of the commission last month by President Bush. 
 Since then, the regulatory commission and the Bush administration have 
 maintained a largely hands-off approach to California's energy crisis. 
 "We have said from the beginning that obviously the state of California has 
 to address these problems and these challenges," U.S. Energy Secretary 
 Spencer Abraham said this week. 


 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 1 