
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 04/05/2001 12:17 PM -----
 
 	Susan J Mara
 	04/05/2001 11:43 AM
 		 
















































 		  		  Short of Power
 
 Gov. Davis open to tax on electric generators' profits 
 
 Updated: April 4, 2001 - 5:52 p.m. 
 
 Gov. Gray Davis says he is open to supporting a windfall-profits tax being
 proposed by lawmakers on electric generators that have made a fortune
 selling power to California this year. 
 
 He also broke with his appointees on the Public Utilities Commission in
 saying private companies and other large users should be allowed to contract
 directly for power with generators. 
 
 . . . . 
 
 For the first time, Davis also said the state should let companies buy their
 power from generators instead of going through the utilities. 
 
 A January law that allowed the state to begin buying power for two nearly
 bankrupt utilities barred such side contracts. 
 
 "That was done originally with the thought the state would have more power
 and no one to sell it to if companies got off the grid," Davis said. "But
 our problem is the opposite this summer. If companies want to get off the
 grid, we should encourage, not discourage that." 
 
 The Democratic governor's comments came after he met behind closed doors for
 more than two hours with Assembly Republicans, who have sharply criticized
 his handling of the energy crisis. 
 
 "I think everyone agreed there are no political winners unless we resolve
 this challenge," Davis said. "There were a lot of suggestions in there I'm
 willing to adopt." 
 
 . . . . 
 
 Davis said he hasn't written the remarks he will make during a five-minute
 address at 6:05 p.m. Thursday that he has asked California television
 stations to carry live. 
 
 However, he said he will "share with them (viewers) the progress that we've
 made and what we have to get through." 
 
 He is expected to talk about the more than 40 percent rate increases
 approved last week by the PUC for customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Co.
 and Southern California Edition Co. 
 
 Sue Mara
 Enron Corp.
 Tel: (415) 782-7802
 Fax:(415) 782-7854