
 
 Walt, Bobby and I have talked and agreed to save East Lake for another time.  I will return to Houston Wednesday morning.  I look forward to seeing you. Jim
 
  
     
 I have commitments on Wed. a.m., but we are a corporate member at East Lake,
 so I'll book a tee time that Wed. a.m. so you and Bobby can play and I'm
 sure we can find some volunteers here to join you.
 
 
     
 
 Walt, the East Lake proposal sounds great IF it fits into your schedule.  I
 plan to return to Houston either Wednesday morning or Wednesday afternoon,
 depending on whether we do or do not play East Lake.  Please do not
 reschedule any meetings you have just to enable us to play Wednesday
 morning-- Austusta will certainly have been excitement enough.  I am
 leaving Houston tomorrow morning and will not be able to check e-mail after
 this afternoon, so if you need to reach me drop me a voice mail at
 713-853-5550. All the best.  Jim
 
     
     
 [mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22Driver+2C+20Walt+22+20+3Cwdriver+40KSLAW+2Ecom+3E+40EN

 
 
             
    Here's the drill.
    I understand that Jim will come here on Sunday night. We'll book him a
    room
    at the Atlanta Ritz-Carlton, right next to the office.
    Bobby will arrive Monday in time for lunch and we'll set up a few people
    anxious to talk to Jim after lunch.
    We will leave here about 4:15 to arrive and drive down Magnolia Lane at
    6:30
    p.m. Take a tour, have a putting contest or whatever, drinks and dinner.
    Next morning we'll play 18, have lunch and play either the par 3 or
    another
    nine, then leave about 4:30 to get Sam back to Atlanta in time for a
    dinner
    he has here that night.Jim and Bobby could catch any plane after about 9
    or
    spend the night here. Let us know if you want hotel reservations for
    Tuesday
    night. If so, do you want to play East Lake Wed. a.m.?
    NO SHORTS,ONLY LONG PANTS at Augusta.
    I think no cell phones, too. I have the caddies yardage book, which the
    three of us can memorize on the way over.
    Sam shot 69!!!! last weekend at a nearby course, so we'll see if the
    secret
    can stay around that long.
    This will be great fun and we are all looking forward to it.
 
 
 
                        Confidentiality Notice
    This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended
    exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This
    communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or
    confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are
    not the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain,
    copy or disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have
    received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by
    e-mail and delete all copies of the message.
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete all copies of the message.
