
 
 Laura,
 I will be out of town this weekend.  Actually, in Chicago.  Sorry.
 DG
 
  
     
 Guys,
 Can any of you assist in the interview process detailed below?  I will be out of town and as you can see ENA is coming up short.
 
 Let me know as soon as possible.
 
 Thanx,
 Laura
 
  
    Cc:	Lavorato, John; Kitchen, Louise
  
 All,
 
 The following is the particpation list for ENA on Saturday's Associate recruiting event.      There are 70 candidates coming in to interview and there is still a requirment for another 40 interviewers.     Please encourage your direct reports to participate and advise as soon as possible.    
 
 Regards,
 
 Karen
 ENA - HR
 
 
 November 3rd, 2001 - Participation from ENA.
 
 Harry	Arora	ENA	VP	36750	
 Ruth	Concannon	ENA	Director	31667	
 David 	Forster	ENA	VP	31861	
 John	House	ENA	Mgr.	37558	
 Rahil	Jafry	ENA	Director	33206	
 Oliver	Jones	ENA	Mgr.	51640	
 Jim	Meyn	ENA	Director	53223	
 John	Moore	ENA	Director	35774	
 Rob	Stalford	ENA	Mgr.	36768	
 Lloyd 	Will	ENA	Director	33383	
 
 
  
    Cc:	Lavorato, John; Kitchen, Louise
  
  << File: ENA Participation.xls >> 
 All,
 
 The below Analyst & Associate recruiting dates require ENA participation at Manager level at above.   In order to resource each of your departments it is important to have ENA's involvement and participation in the interviews and debrief sessions on Fantastic Friday and Super Saturday events.     These de-brief sessions will allow you the opportunity to select candidates you wish to join your groups.  The target  is to assign potential candidates to business units and departments from the outset.
 
 As ENA has the highest percentage of A&A rotating in its business unit, the participation of ENA at interview should reflect this.     Therefore, please encourage your direct reports and managers to participate in the below events in order to secure candidates for your business area.
 
 
 Associate Recruiting:		Saturday November 3						Total - 70 Candidates for Interview
 Analyst Recruiting:		Friday, November 16						Total - 70 Candidates for Interivew
 Associate Recruiting:		Saturday, December 1						Total - 70 Candidates for Interview
 
 The above spreadsheet represents ENA's particpation today which I believe highlights the need for much additional support in these efforts.
 
 Please confirm by return participation of your respective groups.
 
 Regards,
 
 Karen Buckley
 HR - ENA