
 
 Great job!    Mark
 
 
 

 	12/16/2000 10:16 AM
 		 











 		  		  
 Congress Passes the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000
 
 Late Friday afternoon, December 15, Congress passed the Commodity Futures 
 Modernization Act of 2000.  The purpose of the Act is to eliminate 
 unnecessary regulation of commodity futures exchanges and other entities 
 falling within the  coverage of the Commodities Exchange Act ("CEA") and the 
 provide legal certainty with regard to certain futures and derivatives 
 transactions.  By enacting such changes, Congress intends to promote product 
 innovation and to enhance the competitive position of US financial markets. 
 Certain provisions of the Act open the door for Enron's further product 
 innovation and growth.  Specifically, the Act provides important legal 
 certainty for energy and other transactions occuring both on an 
 over-the-counter (OTC) bilateral basis and on multilateral electronic trading 
 platforms.  Enron was a leading advocate of passage of this legislation.
 
 Bilateral Transactions
 
 Under the Act, bilateral transactions in all commodities (other than 
 agriculture commodities) that do not occur on trading facility (i.e. not on a 
 multi-party exchange) are exempt from most provisions of the CEA as long as 
 the transactions are entered solely between "eligible contract 
 participants"(i.e. persons and certain legal entities satisfying capital 
 thresholds and other requirements under the Act).  This provision essentially 
 codifies and expands existing CFTC exemptions for swaps and forward 
 contracts, thereby eliminating a degree of legal ambiguity that has 
 frustrated product innovation and growth.  
 
 Multilateral Transactions
 
 In addition, the Act creates a broad exemption for any agreement, contract or 
 transaction in commodities (other than agriculture commodities) so long as 
 they the transactions are between "eligible commercial participants", are 
 entered into on a "principle-to-principle basis" and that take place on a 
 multi-party "electronic facility".  This exemption could facilitate expansion 
 of EnronOnline to allow for multi-party transactions, however certain legal 
 requirements will have to be met.
 
 Other Transactions
 
 The Act also creates a broad exclusion for a number of commodities that are 
 of interest to Enron, including "credit risk measure" commodities and weather 
 derivatives .  Again, the derivative transaction exclusion will have to meet 
 certain legal thresholds.
 
 This legislation has been over six years in the making and the collective 
 support of many Enron employees has been crucial.  Thank you to all that have 
 contributed to the passage on this important legislation.  We will have a 
 more through legal summary of this legislation in the near future. Do not 
 hesitate to contact me at (202) 466- 9158 of Mark Taylor at (713) 853-7459 
 with any questions.
 
 
 
 
 
