
 
 Mary Hain has resigned her position with Enron.  Please remove her from all 
 your mail lists.
 
 Thank you.
 
 Lysa Akin
 Gov't Affairs - Sr. Admin. Ass't.
 
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	
 	 03/21/2001 10:56 AM
 	
 


































   
 
 request_number:  DS-AC:003
 firstname:  Thomas
 lastname:  DeBoer

 exhibit_wp-02-e-:  JCG-01 and JCG-02
 page_numbers:
 request_text:  Amended Request No.: DS-AC:003
 
 Request: Witnesses: Pamela Lesh, Robert E. Orton, Marilyn G. Showalter and W. 
 Scott Brattebo, David W. Hoff, Kevin P. O'Meara, Lon L. Peters, Geoffrey H. 
 Carr, and Marc H. Hellman, respectively
   Exhibit: WP-02-E-JCG-01 and WP-02-JCG-02
 
  Please disclose and/or produce any and all communications from October 16, 
 2001 to the present, between any of the party representative of BPA 
 concerning rates to be in effect for BPA's Fiscal Years 2002-2006, the 
 interactions of such rates and customer contracts, or procedural aspects of 
 these rate proceedings.
 
  Terry Mundorf (WPAG)
  Lon Peters (PGP)
  Linc Wolverton (ICNU)
  Scott Brattebo (PacifiCorp)
  Kevin Clark (Seattle City Light)
  David Hoff (PSE)
  Geoff Carr (Northwest Requirements Utilities)
  Dennis Parrish (Market Access Coalition Group)
  Pam Jacklin (PacifiCorp)
  Peter Richardson (PPC)
  Kyle Sciuchetti (PPC)
  Ray Kindley (PGP)
  Jay Waldron (PGP)
  Doug Brawley (PNGC)
  Eric Johnson (PNGC)
  Darcy Norville (PGE)
  Lynn Williams (PGE)
  Steve Weiss (Northwest Energy Coalition)
  Mark Hellman (OPUC)
 
  For purposes of this Request, "disclose and/or produce" has the meanings 
 described below.  With respect to oral communications, "disclose and/or 
 produce" means to describe the time, date, approximate duration, and 
 substantive content of the communication; the identity and organizational 
 affiliation of the communicating individuals; whether the communication 
 occurred in person or by telephone; the location of the communication if in 
 person; the identity of any witnesses to the communications, including all 
 individuals in the room if the communication occurred by speakerphone; and 
 whether the communication was made in the presence of or after coordination 
 with BPA counsel(if so, identify such counsel).  For purposes of this 
 Request, you need not "disclose and/or produce" oral communications that 
 occurred during meetings noticed in compliance with Rate Case Rule 1010.7(d).
 
  With respect to written communications, the Request includes communications 
 in any recorded form, whether on paper, electronic (including, without 
 limitation, e-mails), or whatever form.  For such communications, "disclose 
 and/or produce" means to provide copies of all non-identical versions of any 
 written communications and to describe with particularity the circumstances 
 under  which they were generated or referred to; and to fully "disclose 
 and/or produce" any oral communications made in connection with the written 
 communications consistent with the preceding paragraph. For purposes of this 
 Request, you need not produce papers served on all parties to the rate case 
 and made part of the official file in the rate case.
 
 response_text:  Avista Corporation (Avista) objects to this Data Request on 
 the grounds that it:  (i) seeks information that is not relevant; and (ii) 
 seeks information that is unduly burdensome to produce.  (Rules of Procedure 
 Governing Rate Hearings, Section 1010.8(b)). Avista further objects to this 
 Data Request on the grounds that it is in improper form as it does not cite 
 to specific testimony or indicate the specific use to which the information 
 sought will be put. (Special Rules of Practice, WP-02-01).  Without waiving 
 the foregoing objections, Avista responds as follows:
 
 
  I am aware of no communications responsive to this Data Request other than 
 those disclosed in response to DS-AC:001.
 
 The following information is from the web server:
 1.  Logon: IUSR_GRANITE
 2.  Remote Host:  border.paine-hamblen.com
 3.  Remote IP Address:  207.53.155.98
 4.  Form URL:  
 https://secure.bpa.gov/power/secure/psp/ratecase/discovery/wp_02_response.html
 5.  Browser Client:  Mozilla/4.7 [en] (Win95; I)
 
 
