
 
 That would work well if I was trying to do projects, but I am trying to be able to utilize the curves in the business to measure VaR.    We now use them for NNG & TW in the Caminus System, and want to do so for our other pipes as well.
 
  
    Cc:	Gorte, David
  
 
 Rod -    If you can't get access to the curves, possibly RAC could run the models and provide output to you. We'll need to review non-budget capital projects anyway.
 
 Dave - any other thoughts ?
 
 
  
    Cc:	Gorte, David; Larson, Bradford
  
 Sally: 
 Where do I go inside Enron to get straight what it is that I need to do in order to be able to use the curves I am told that we need to be using?	
 
 Rod Hayslett
 EB4054
 713-853-6178
 
 
  
    Cc:	Cobb Jr., John
  
 Rod,
 
 Can you give me some help here on the pricing confindentiality agreement?
 
 vince
 713.853.6701
 
  
    Cc:	Cobb Jr., John; Saunders, James
  
 I have twice emailed Sally Beck, the signatory on the last agreements signed by ENA, with NNG and TW, to see if she could give me a lead on whom to contact.  I also left her a voice mail.  She has not responded.   We cannot proceed with the Northern Border implementation without a confidentiality agreement between ENA and NBP.  
 
 Caminus is still looking to set up a meeting for gathering requirements for both NBP and possibly the Risk Analytics package.
 
 
 
 
  
     
 Any progress on this?
 
  
    Cc:	Cobb Jr., John; Peters, Jerry
  
 Sally,
 
 In March of 1999, ETS companies, Northern Natural Gas (NNG) and Transwestern Pipeline Company (TW), signed Confidentiality Agreements with Enron Capital and Trade (ECT) for pricing information.  You were the signatory for ECT at that time.  These price curves are used by the pipelines for risk management purposes.  Currently, we are implementing a new risk system and would like the ability to use this system across all of ETS' pipes.  However, the Confidentiality Agreements do not permit us to share this information with any other companies.  I would appreciate any assistance you could provide in identifying the new person at ENA/EWS that would handle these duties currently.
 
 Thanks
 
 Vince Strohmeyer
 713.853.6701
