
 
 Rob, can I get the four deal nos. so I can get the information I need from 
 the confirm desk to prepare the termination letters?  I will contact Steve 
 South to get the name & phone nos. of the contacts at the counterparty I can 
 send the letters to.
 
 
 

 	04/24/2001 06:28 PM
 		 

 		  
 
 Hi Tana -  
 
 We need your assistance in preparing termination letters for the transactions 
 listed on the attached spreadsheet and described as follows:
 
 On Friday, April 20, 2001, four transactions occurred on EnronOnline that 
 were in error.  One transaction was with Coral Energy Holding L.P. and three 
 transactions were with Morgan Stanley Capital Group, Inc.  As mutually agreed 
 to by both the Enron commercial team and the respective counterparties, it 
 was decided that each of the four transactions would not be confirmed and 
 should be terminated.  
 
 The exact specifics are detailed as follows:
 
 ? The transactions occurred due to an inadvertent entry in the actual 
 production system of EnronOnline by a Product Control Group member, Melba 
 Lozano.  Melba activated a product assuming that she was in the EnronOnline 
 test system of EnronOnline.  
 
 ? The product transacted upon is normally managed by Frank Ermis.  However, 
 in his absence on Friday, the product was managed by Matt Lenhart.
 
 ? Steve South, trader on the West Desk, called and notified both Morgan and 
 Coral that the product had been posted in error.  All parties agreed that the 
 transactions were not reflective of the normal pricing.  As a result they 
 further agreed that transaction confirmations would not be necessary and that 
 the deals would be "killed" on all sides.  (For reference of any telephone 
 tapes that may need to be pulled, the conversations with the counterparties 
 occurred around 2:00 pm.)
 
 ? No confirmations were generated as a result of the killing of the 
 transactions in TAGG.
 
 ? I spoke with Mike Grigsby on Monday (April 23, 2001) and advised him that 
 termination letters may be required by Legal.  He responded that he had no 
 problem with that.
 
 Tana, please advise if additional information is required to complete the 
 termination letters or if another course of action is warranted.
 
 Thank you,
 
 Rob Cass
 x35491 
 
 
