
 
 here is what started it
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Eric Bass/HOU/ECT on 02/25/2000 01:01 PM 
 ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
    
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Timothy Blanchard/HOU/EES on 02/25/2000 
 12:56 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 02/25/2000 09:50 AM
























   
 Its been a crazy February!  So many things and PEOPLE to talk about and only 
 one Friday State of the Union to cover it all.  Everyone just relax because 
 its going to be a long one.  As Always, Brace Yourself.
 
 Where to begin?  How about those Tigers?  They are on track to be the SEC 
 West Basketball Champions.  Who would have thought it? Kristin, my younger 
 sister who is a freshman, says LSU is like "Spring Break Everyday!"  That's 
 great!  I'm sure the students at Harvard say the same thing when their teams 
 are on a winning streak.  Geaux Tigers!
 
 Forget Engagements how about Shot-Gun Weddings!  I recently learned that, 
 while making a weekend trip to New Orleans, my high school sweet heart, 
 Sarah, got "Tanked" in the French Quarter and found herself in the middle of 
 the Pat O Brian's  Piano Bar in front of a minister saying "I DO" to her 
 boyfriend, now husband, Brandt.  On such short notice, they were unable to 
 find a reception hall to celebrate the wedding, so the family just celebrated 
 all night at Dante's Pizza.  I hear it was one hell of a party.  
 Congratulations Sarah!
 
 Speaking of good parties, the DC Mardi Gras Balls were incredible.  I'd like 
 to take this time to once again thank my buddy, Chris, for taking me and 
 Kenny K with him.  If you enjoy Politics like I do, its a must see event.  
 The two things that stick mostly in my mind are:  The last night of the ball 
 after several cocktails, Granola Centola staggering over to Senator Mary 
 Landrieu and saying,"Mrs. Clinton, will you dance with me to New Orleans 
 Lady?"  That Larry, he's paving the path for his political future------a 
 regular James Carville!  I also had the opportunity to ask the ever-so-shy 
 Edwin Edwards a question - "Governor who do you like in the President's 
 Race?"  He responded, "Have the odds come out already?!?"  No doubt a man of 
 true character.
 
 I hear times are tough for my friends down in Shreveport.  Brandon, a full 
 time med school student, has been moonlighting during his free time.  He 
 decided to put his "Three on the top, two on the sides, don't touch the back, 
 Jack, haircut " to work on the Internet.  He's currently modelling his sweet 
 hair style as "Mullet of the Week"  at http://www.mulletsgalore.com/ .  He 
 gets 50 cents every time the site is hit, so take the time and visit the site 
 to help an aspiring doctor.
 
 February was a good month and things are pretty good at the homefront.  I 
 still haven't found the girl of my dreams, but neither has my roommate, 
 Matt.  Although the chances of him finding one before me are pretty good 
 considering all he's looking for is, and I quote, "A girl who is pretty and 
 who thinks I am smart just because I read the newspaper."   
 ICE---ICE---BABY---TOO COLD---TOO COLD!
 
 Everyone have a great weekend!
 
 CKL
    
 
 
