
 
  
 
     
 
 Research Team,
  
 Thanks for taking the time yesterday to meet with Gilda and me so that we could begin to address the questions that you have regarding the merger between Enron and Dynegy.  Although I do not yet have any new information for you, yesterday I submitted the following list of questions to the Q&A team, and will hopefully receive an update from them either tomorrow or Friday.
  
 1) If the SEC files lawsuits upon conclusion of the investigation, will that hold up or stop the merger?
 2) What are Whalley's responsibilities going to be after the deal is closed?  I know that he is going to be the EVP, but what does that entail?
 3) Did we offer some sort of guarantee that we will maintain our current intellectual capital talent base?
 4) Will back office functions start merging before the deal closes?  If so, when will this happen?  Chuck Watson made reference to this in the analyst call yesterday morning.
 5) For employees who started working this year, will they still be granted options as part of the all employee stock option program?
 6) Will all previously granted options vest upon deal closure?  Is there a provision in the plan that stipulates option vesting upon a change of control? 
 7) What is going to happen to the current Analysts and Associates?  Will we be reducing their headcount, decreasing recruiting efforts?1
 8) What is the timeline for disposing of "non-core" businesses?
 9) If you receive a reorganization severance package and opt to sign the waiver, are you precluded from joining the class action law suit?
 10) What is going to happen to Enron's educational assistance program?  Currently some active employees are in school, and will we continue to pay for their education?  Also, there are some employees who are in school, but who have committed to return to Enron since we are paying for their education, or have stipulated that we will pay for their education upon return.  How is this program going to change?
  
 Additionally, I have a meeting scheduled with Margaret Daffin tomorrow to discuss concerns regarding Visa's and Green card's.  I will send an email tomorrow with answers to the FAQ's.  
  
 If any of you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me or just stop by my office.  It is such a privilege to be able to work with you and your extraordinary and fabulous team, and my door is open for each and every one of you.
  
 Thanks,
 Anne