
 
 
 
  
     
 
 Attached is the status report and motion for extension of time filed on  Friday, December 14 by the Generator Interconnection Coalition drafting  committee. This group is the smaller subset of the larger industry-wide plenary  group formed as a result of the FERC's directive to convene an Interconnection  conference to develop a consensus Interconnection Agreement and Procedures  document that all of industry would adopt. 
 As the industry plenary  session yielded as much results as could be expected in a large group setting,  the drafting committees were formed of Generators, Transmission Owners,  Transmission Dependent Utilities, and ISO/RTOs. A committee was formed for both  the drafting of the Interconnection Agreement and Procedures documents. Many of  your companies are represented on one of these committees. 
 Because the  FERC set a December 14 filing due date for a final consensus interconnection  document, we filed for an extension of time to complete the drafting process and  finalize the documents for FERC consideration. No one entity has endorsed the  document in its entirety, because drafting and negotiations are still underway.  Since the larger plenary had not had an opportunity to review the documents and  be provided a walk-through by the drafters, the request for an extension until  January 11, 2002 for which to file a final comprehensive consensus  Interconnection document was made. In addition, we filed for extension of the  ANOPR comments due date which was initially set for December 21, but has been  extended until January 25. This will allow for the larger plenary group to  reconvene the week of January 14 at FERC for a two-day session to discuss the  final workproduct. 
 A notice designating the dates and times of this plenary  session will be provided at a later date. 
 Anticipating our  filing of the status report and motion for extension, FERC granted both requests  for extensions to file. Attached are the status report, motions and notice  granting extension. 

  
 Tonja Wicks
 Manager, Energy Supply Policy
 Alliance of Energy  Suppliers
 Edison Electric Institute
 Phone: (202) 508-5098
 Fax: (202)  508-5600
 Fax: (202) 508-5445
  - Interconnection Status Report.pdf 
  - Notice granting extension.pdf 
  - Alliance of Energy Suppliers.vcf 