
 
 Billy,
 
 Your recommendation makes sense. It's a new program and we have no data points
 about its quality.
 
 I shall inform my contact that you have already fully committed your resources
 and cannot make  anymore campus trips. I shall offer to collect the resumes and distribute 
 them within Enron.
 
 
 Vince 
 
  
    Cc:	Warner, Traci
  
 Vince,
 
 Thanks for the note and suggestion on the campus presentation.  I'll defer to you and Traci on this.  
 
 My opinion is that I would not invest the business time and hard dollars on it, unless you see this program as a good "feeder" for your area.  My recommended path would be for you to do the speech, collect resumes, and pass out business cards.  We can then use our "direct" approach with this school, and peruse the resume book to see if there is anyone that looks like a match with our needs.  The next step would be to try to bring in some fulltime or even intern candidates and see how they perform.
 
 Let me know if you'd like to discuss.
 
 Thanks,
 Billy
 
 P.S.  I really appreciate you attending the dinner Wednesday night at Enron Field.
 
  
    Cc:	Warner, Traci
  
 Billy,
 
 I have received an invitation to speak to a graduating class of
 the Quantitative and Computational Finance program at Georgia Tech.
 The URL is included in the message below.
 
 Would you be interested in arranging for  a presentation at this school
 about the A/A Program, coinciding with my visit?
 
 Vince
 
  
    Cc:	Robert P. Kertz; Shijie Deng
  
 
 Vince,
 
 As a follow-up to our phone conversation, I am attaching below the URL for
 our QCF program here at Georgia Tech for your corporate recruiting folks.
 http://www.qcf.gatech.edu/
 It will be great if we could have your recruiting people meet with our
 first graduating class of the QCF program.
 
 Regarding your visit, we'd be glad to cover the coach airfare and
 lodging.  How about the first week of October, say on either 10/2 or 10/4,
 or the last week of October, say 10/30?  The arrangement would be that you
 come in on the evening of a Monday or a Wednesday and give a seminar on a
 Tuesday or a Thursday.  Please let me know what works best for
 you.  Thanks.
 
 Shijie
 
 Shi-Jie Deng
 Assistant Professor
 School of ISyE
 Georgia Institute of Technology
 
 Office Phone: (404) 894-6519

 Home page:    http://www.isye.gatech.edu/~deng
 
 
