
 
 I would like your insights.   Meredith, I'd like yours as well (particularly 
 in light of the messageyou received from Lawson and Jefferson).
 
 
 

 08/02/2000 08:22 AM
 
 
    Construction Committee this week
 
 Steve,
 
 Please let me know if there is anything you would like me to do regarding 
 this matter.
 
 Thanks,
 Laura
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Laura Schwartz/Corp/Enron on 08/02/2000 
 09:11 AM ---------------------------
    
 	Enron Investment Partners
 	
 	 	
 
   
  Construction Committee this week  
 
 Steve,
 
 I don't want to get caught in a crossfire here, so I thought your group could 
 give me some guidance.  
 
 I think the referendum is very important for the city and will help us 
 continue to show Houston as a significant metropolitan area.  I am not 
 convinced that the ultimate form of the deal for minority participation in 
 Enron Field was, in fact, what was intended.  In that agreement, Aramark owns 
 all of the concessions, but has a 30% profit share with minorities.  My 
 understanding is that there are no minority owned businesses in that deal.
 
 I would like to communicate this sentiment, but I would also, certainly like 
 to reinforce Enron's position.
 
 Thanks,
 Mark
 
 
 















   Committee this week
 
 
 Dear Board Member-
 
 As you may already know, we have been working with the Harris County-Houston
 Sports Authority to have included in their agreement with the Houston
 Rockets a 30% minority participation goal in the design, construction and
 operation of a downtown basketball arena.  This is the same commitment that
 we received from the Rockets in 1999.  We received a commitment from the
 sports authority and the mayor's office that the minority participation goal
 of 30% will be included in the contract.  We have met with Celena Garza and
 communicated with Al Luna our interests and they have expressed their
 support for our position.  We have also asked Sen. Mario Gallegos for his
 support and received it.
 
 We are in the process of confirming that our language calling for such goal
 has been included in the final document and that Al Luna and Celena Garza
 are sufficiently satisfied with the language, which will be voted on later
 this week.
 
 Once confirmed, Sonny Flores, Chairman of the Economic Development Committee
 has recommended to Massey that the Chamber be prepared to offer some sort of
 public statement in support or not supporting a referendum to build the
 arena.  (We have been asked to address the Construction Committee of the
 sports authority by Billy Burge and Wayne Smith)  Sonny has indicated that
 once we have a confirmation from Al and Celena, our interests should be
 sufficiently covered and that supporting the referendum would be good for
 Hispanic businesses.
 
 Massey has asked that I poll the board for its input and get a majority
 commitment from the board so as to move forward in offering support or no
 support for the referendum.  Ordinarily, this would be discussed and
 considered at a meeting of the Board of Directors, however, since the sports
 authority posted its meeting notice (72 hours prior to meeting) and is ready
 to proceed with its approval of the Letter Agreement with the Houston
 Rockets we are seeking input in this manner.
 
 I am attaching a copy of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Chamber
 and the Sports Authority for you review.  There have been no revisions to
 the last copy that was circulated at the past Executive Committee meeting at
 Tony Grijalva's office.
 
 Massey has asked that you respond with your input, suggestions and position
 for or not for the chamber offering its support for the arena via e-mail
 within 24 hours of this notice.  The chamber's position will be determined
 by the majority of those respondents to this e-mail by no later than 4:00
 p.m. CDT on Wednesday, August 2, 2000.
 
  - Sports Authority MOU, July 20, 2000.doc
 
 
 
 
 
 
