
 
 wow
 
  
     
 Joh/Kevin
 
 I am sorry, but I cannot believe what I read below.  
 
 Arch of Chicago - multiply by EXPECTED number of accounts??????
 Suiza - How do we measure milk production, we cannot even manage energy consumption - Got Milk?????
 Packaged Ice - ??? I hope we don't have any ice facilities in California.
 
 Conclusion - I do not expect that we will do any more deals like this anytime soon.
 
 Rogers
 
 
 
 
    
 The brief synopsis on causality of the losses are as follows:
 
 Arch of Chicago
 
 The deal was originally priced (in 1998) with one account and the results were multiplied by the expected number of accounts.  We have re-priced the deal with actual volumes from our billing system (to capture all active volumes).
 
 Suiza
 
 The revenue is based on a production index (gallons of milk).  We have updated the revenue from the Consumption Desk and re-priced costs with data from our billing database.  In addition, we have worked with the Account Manager to segregate pass-through vs. active volumes.
 
 Packaged Ice
 
 The revenue is based on a production index (bags of ice).  We have updated the revenue with data from the Account Manager and the Consumption Desk.  We have also re-priced costs with data from the our billing system.
 
 Conclusion
 
 The losses are amalgamation of structured vs. actual volume differences, production index revision and initial modelling error.
 
 
 If I can be of further assistance to you, I can be reached at 3-1902.
 
 Thank you.
 
 Best regards,
 
 Mike Kim
 
 ---------------
 Michael -
 
 Are these changes in the forward volumes (unrealized losses).  Can you explain the reason for these adjustments?  How much more exists that we need to address?
 
 Thanks,
 Rogers
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 20 Million !!!!!!  Is this back money or forward money.  Why did the volumes change so much.
 
  
     
 FYI
 
 
 
 
  << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 

 05/21/2001 05:35 PM
    
 FYI
 
 
 
 
  << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 	Enron Energy Services   		
 
 
 
 
 
    
 We have re-priced Suiza, Packaged Ice, and Arch of Chicago with updated volume information from our billing system.  The impact is as follows:
 
  << OLE Object: Picture (Metafile) >> 
 
 The impact will be recognized on the DPR and G/L, pending Accounting Department's "green light."
 
 Thank you.
 
 Best regards,
 
 MSK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
