
 
 I updated that systems matrix recently, in preparation for our much 
 rescheduled meeting with AA on risk controls.  That is on my calendar for 
 Friday morning this week, so I will bring copies with me to that meeting.  
 
 I have been publishing an ENA operations report monthly since June.  To date, 
 I have been reviewing it with Dave Delainey, fine-tuning each month the types 
 of information and format that he likes.  I will bring you a copy tomorrow 
 and would like your input on content and format as well.  With the recent 
 reorganization, I am working with EGM and EIM to create the same report.  
 After we have mastered that here in Houston over the next month or so, I plan 
 to share the format with London so that all of our wholesale businesses can 
 use the same format.  
 
 In addition to these monthly operating reports, we are working on a daily 
 report to be operational by the end of the fourth quarter that will track 
 compliance with our fundamental operating standards.  We are in the phase of 
 determining the source of reporting (systematic or manual) and the frequency 
 of reporting (daily, weekly, monthly) for all commodities and locations 
 against the operating standards.  As we get this to a first draft stage, I 
 will share this with you, as well as the timeline for full implementation.  
 --Sally 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Sally Beck/HOU/ECT on 09/21/2000 05:55 PM 
 ---------------------------
 
 

 09/21/2000 05:27 PM
    
 is this the latest?  Also, how are we coming on an operational position 
 report?  I know it would be rough but I would like to start producing 
 something sooner rather than later.  Thanks
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Richard Causey/Corp/Enron on 09/21/2000 
 06:22 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 06/09/2000 06:08 AM

  
  
 Rick - You had asked a while back for a matrix that captures all of the 
 different systems used by commodity, by office and by functional group.  This 
 (draft) version encompasses Houston and London activities.  We will expand 
 this document to include other offices and products in the next few months.  
 Let me know your questions and comments.
 
 
 
 
