
 
 It is unclear to me that the coop has the authority to bind the members.  What do we know about that?
 
 ckm
 
  
     Importance:	High
 
 I appreciate your concern about the lack of timing, but this one went from 0-60 in 5 secs flat as their board meeting is this Wednesday and they have it only once a month.  I will def. be more sensitive to allowing some more lead time going forward.
 
 Blue Ridge is a Coop which consists of the members listed below.  I believe we can sign one CA which binds Blue Ridge and all its affiliates, but when it comes to signing final deal documents, we'd have to do it via individual towns.
 
 Regards,
 - R
 
 
  
    Cc:	Jafry, Rahil
  
 I'm in, but with lots going on.
 
 What is the Blue Ridge Power Agency, as in what type of legal entity is it?  It sounds like it isn't one, if we would be signing CA's with each member.  Sounds like we may need CA's for each one of them.
 
 Rahil, it would be very helpful if you could give us a bit more lead time next time around.  We want to do the best job possible for you!
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
  
     Importance:	High
 
 Rahil needs this by tomorrow.  Are you in today?
 
 Kathleen
 
  
    Cc:	Emmons, Suzette
  Importance:	High
 
 Kathleen,
 
 As discussed, here're the details surrounding our deal discussions with Blue Ridge Power Agency.  To date, we've had a preliminary meeting with them, in which they expressed interest in Enron serving their Members' load on an "All Requirements" basis (similar to our potential deal with CVEC).  Blue Ridge Members are:
 
 Cities of Bedford, Bristol, Danville, Martinsville, Radford, Salem
 Towns of Richlands, Virginia Tech
 Central Virginia Co-Op (CVEC) & Craig-Botetourt Electric Co-Op
 
 Following our meeting with Blue Ridge, they have sent us some load data and have chatted with us re. the types of deal-structures they would prefer.  We are expected to provide them with an indicative feedback on potential structures and prices by tomorrow (10/23/01).
 
 Ideally, I'd like for the information we provide them (and hence to their consultants and their members) to be protected by the CA.  As and when a deal comes to fruition, we will probably be signing contracts with each one of the members individually.
 
 Thanks again for your help.  Feel free to give me a call if you have any further questions.
 
 Regards,
 Rahil
 Ext. 3-3206
 
 
 Name/Address:
 Blue Ridge Power Agency
 5656 US Hwy. 29,
 Suite B-1,
 Blairs, VA 24527
 USA
 
 Phone:
 (434) 836-8375
 
 Representative Name:
 Duane Dahlquist
 General Manager
 
 Term of Confidentiality:
 October 22, 2001 - October 21, 2002 (or, other standard timelines)
 
 Potential Deal Structure:
 Enron will sell to the members of Blue Ridge, firm, fixed price energy to meet its load obligation.  Energy will be delivered at the Borders of AEP, Cinergy, and VEPCO systems, and Blue Ridge's existing transmission agreements will be used to deliver the energy.
 
 Enron will be responsible for all the ancillary and load following services
 Enron will be charging a fixed price per MWh to reflect the energy and services provided to Blue Ridge
 Enron will have access to Blue Ridge's peak-shaving and demand side resources to serve Blue Ridge's load
