
 
 Well, you must be famous in the I bank bidness, as she claims to know you.  
 
 
 
    
  
 Never worked at Chase.  Worked at Citi.
 
  
     
 She says you worked together at Chase.  
 
 
    
  
 Kay, welcome back.  The intent is that the document package should be sent 
 together, if not immediately after delivery of Notice.  When are you 
 expecting the package to be delivered?  Can't it be this pm?  I'm reviewing 
 the notices now.
 
 By the way, who is Laurie Mahon?
 
 Lisa
 
  
    Cc: Engeldorf, Roseann; Ondreko, Roger; Jacoby, Ben; Mitro, Fred; Clark, 
 Catherine
  
 Hi Lisa,
 
 I'm back, and will finish up these docs this am.  The notice provision does 
 not require that all the closing documents be completed as of the date of the 
 notice, although I expect to have the package finished anyway, including the 
 CA II documents.
 
 We expect the escrow to be funded today, so as far as I know we will want to 
 give notice today, although it might be later than the am, depending on when 
 the escrow is funded.  Ben, Fred, are you ready for us to give notice?
 
 Kay
 
 PS.  Laurie Mahon says "hello".
 
 
 
 

 
  
 Kay,
 I see that the Notice is dated January 10th with a closing on January 18th.  
 If you are not back to clean these documents revised and CA II completed 
 until Wed am, I don't see how we can provide Notice on the am of January 
 10th.  Also, is the 18th an absolute purchase date so Catherine can work with 
 Ben to calculate how much money goes to TurboPark and how much we pay to GE?
 
 Notice Ag:  Does "Confirmed by" mean the same thing as "Consented to" 
 legally?  Would think so but CSFB wants us to Consent so let's make sure we 
 have the strongest of the two language formations.
 
 Assumption Ag: Pg 2, Clause 1:  insert ")" after Administrative Agent.
   Pg 2, Clause 3:  insert "and otherwise with respect to the Property" at the 
 end of the last sentence.
 
 Bill of Sale:  Last para:  Need to insert purchase date at end rather than 
 "January 2001."
        Schedule 1:  Insert ")" after "Assigned Equipment".
 
 Look forward to knowing the final notice and closing date.
 
  
    Fred; Clark, Catherine
  
 Here's a set of CA I revised docs.  If these are ok, we will get CA II lined 
 up as well.
 
  << File: Assumption with GE ack(CAEDI)rev2.DOC >>  << File: Bill of 
 salerev2.DOC >>  << File: Purchase Option Notice(CAED I)rev2.doc >> 
 
 I'm on the road tomorrow, but should be back in the office on Wednesday am.
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
