
 
 Brenda Herod is in charge of Energy Operations for EIM and should be included 
 in the invitation list.  Brent Price fulfills two roles for EGM - CAO and 
 head of operations, so he is appropriately included covering both fronts.  
 Also, I had added Bob Hall to the previous Hot List meeting.  He is a VP in 
 Energy Operations for Enron Americas.  I would like for him to be on the list 
 for this meeting as well.  He and I will cover for each other on this 
 Wholesale Deal Meeting.  You may get both of us in attendance on occassion, 
 but usually it will be one or the other of us to cover operations for EA.  
 Thanks. --Sally 
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 




  Diane Latson/NA/Enron, Sonnia Reyes/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Kim Weldon/Corp/Enron, 



  
 The following is from Mike Patrick:
 
 Wes Colwell's Hot List Meetings have previously been held on Thursdays at 
 1:30pm and attended by various parties.  This meeting has been replaced by 
 the Wholesale Deal Meeting to be held at the same time and location.  The 
 attendees will be comprised of each Wholesale Business Unit's CAO, 
 Transaction Support lead, Tax lead and Energy Operations management.  The 
 meeting will be held bi-weekly and will be adjusted as necessary.   Please 
 note that the first meeting will be held tomorrow, Thursday February 22 at 
 1:30pm in EB3321.
 
 The purpose of this meeting is :
 
 1) For the CAO/Transaction support lead to summarize the Top 3 deals for the 
 quarter in each business unit, focusing on any potential issues that might 
 derail the closing of the deal, and
 
 2) For the Transaction Support team to update the group on any global 
 accounting issues, and
 
 3) To create/maintain a "Wholesale Critical Deal Sheet" comprised of 
 Wholesale's Top Ten critical deals
 
 The meeting is not intended to be a business unit administration meeting 
 (i.e., floor space, SAP, etc.).  I believe Wes still plans to hold a 
 Wholesale CAO meeting to discuss other non-deal issues.
 
 Following are the dates of the upcoming meetings.  The meetings will be held 
 from 1:30pm - 2:30pm in EB3321.
 
 February 22
 March 8
 March 22
 April 5
 April 19
 May 3
 May 17
 May 31
 June 14
 June 28
 July 12
 July 26
 August 9
 August 23
 September 6
 September 20
 October 4
 October 18
 November 1
 November 15
 November 29
 December 13
 December 27
 
 
 
 
