
 
 Louise,
 
 I do agree.  I haven't really looked at or studied the plan because of the 
 pending changes.  There are some good guys down there and I believe they can 
 do some good work to help you in your quest for world domination.  Good luck 
 with this.
 
 Cheers,
 mike
 
 
 
 
 Louise Kitchen
 08/02/2000 11:34 AM
    
 I think there is some duplication from these guys internal to Argentina.  As 
 you know we had a visit from Patrick Hansen, Bastos and Mike Guerriero 
 recently where I think we agreed on the concept behind www.enron.ar - ie 
 using our vertical concept.
 
 I think Steve and the team who came here probably need to get on the same 
 page as the presentation doesn't quite reflect where we (Dave Forster)  
 thought they were going.  
 
 We are not worried if they want to go that way - the budget plans are way out 
 of line though (but they do need to tell us to stop the development we are 
 doing for them).
 
 Dave, if Mike agrees - the easiest thing to do would be for you to ring Steve.
 
 Louise
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

  
  
 All,
 
 FYI, here is the latest draft of their business plan for your review and 
 commentary.  I had the video call yesterday and went through all the org 
 changes.  I did not provide any commentary on the specifics for obvious 
 reasons.
 
 Mike
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT on 08/02/2000 
 08:23 AM ---------------------------
 
 

 07/24/2000 07:24 AM
    
 
 I think there are 2 principal drivers:
 
 (1)  the respective Business Unit heads inside of Networks (Houston or 
 elsewhere ) need to know who Steve and I are, that we're involved and that we 
 have a  mandate ( actually this probably warrants some clarification 
 vis-a-vis the Argentine office, as well; especially given the hiring of 
 Bastos - I for one would like  to get a clear and substantive understanding 
 in regard to his trading background, priority for physical vs. financial 
 products, and expectations ) and
 (2)  we (Enron SA) need an invitation, but also need to probably be more 
 aggressive about participating in meetings, discussions - both strategic 
 and   functional for each of  the Business Units
 
 Once we reach a consensus on an Enron SA Bus Plan with focus, targets will 
 establish some parameters to participate inside the group going forward.  
 
 Mike, your efforts to communicate both updating events vis-a-vis the weekly 
 call and overtures outside the group have been a great initiative and much 
 appreciated.  It's made an important, productive impression on Enron 
 employees "outside"of Networks.  Look forward to further discussions all 
 around.
 
 
 
 
 Steve Nagy
 07/21/2000 02:19 PM
   
  
 Mike,
 
 Per your request, attached is the draft Business Plan for South America. Due 
 to agenda constraints, Joe Kishkill has not yet had the opportunity to review.
 
 As part of structuring the regional effort, it would be important to 
 streamline and coordinate the due diligence and market study efforts. There 
 appears to be some confusion between Houston and S?o Paulo over who is 
 responsible for what. We may need to formally announce D'Arcy's and my roles, 
 including the need to channel information through us into and out of the 
 region.
 
 Please let us know your thoughts.
 
 Thanks, Steve
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
