
 
 Barry would be good and I do believe that he is an asset.  I will talk with Wes and see what we can suggest. 
 
 With regard to your comment that I am "in", in my conversation with Greg Whalley a couple of weeks ago he said that he does need me to accomplish some things for the estate and that like Mark Haedicke, and perhaps himself, there could be some issues with the Estate and creditors committee if we were to go to Netco immediately.  What I agreed to with Greg is that I will be focused on the Estate and that I would be interested in talking about Netco in 30 to 60 days.  In the meantime, I will participate as much as you would like for me to on the due diligence process around the auction.  I will gladly meet with any and all prospective buyers to make them comfortable with our processes, systems, staff expertise and operational controls.  And you can also count on me if I can play a role in assuring that the staff destined for Netco is in tact and is motivated and excited about the opportunities there.  
 
 Leslie Reeves will be getting the org charts to Tammie this afternoon before she leaves.  Gas logistics is not included in the operations org charts, as our understanding is that logistics is being included in the commerical org charts. 
 
 --Sally
 
  
     
 Barry is in Accounting for now, Jim wants him for the estate.  All of that was before you were in.  I had to plan.  I think Barry is an asset - Wes and I don't know where though.  Any thoughts?
 
  
     
 Bob is out with the flu and may be out through tomorrow.  I will coordinate with him on org charts.  Where do you want to have Gas Logistics - under Bob in operations or under trading?  Given your answer, we just need to be consistent with commercial on this for the org charts.  
 
 Also, I talked with Bob Hall today and would expect to hear definitively from him tomorrow regarding his commitment to Netco.  I had an interesting conversation with Barry Pearce this morning, and sounds as if you already have an alternative plan under way.  --Sally 
 
  
    Cc:	Lavorato, John; Schoppe, Tammie
  
 Organisational Charts have been requested by one of the potential Buyers.  Please send to Tammie by close of play tomorrow.
 
 Thanks
 
  
    Cc:	Lavorato, John
  
 The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.
 
 The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-
 
 (i) 	Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)				To be forwarded to Louise	
 	These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.  
 	The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.	
 (ii)	Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)						To be forwarded to Faith Killen 
 	First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized)
 (iii)	Seating Plans								Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate
 	We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.
 	I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002.
 (iv)	Due Diligence
 	We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.
 
 I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.
 
 Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.
 
 If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.
 
 Happy New Year
 
 Louise