
 
 Because we have lost several people to retail risk management (Rogers Herndon, Narsima Misra, Jim Homco, etc.) and John Forney has moved to ERCOT hourly, I have been forced to manage an EOL stack for multiple markets.
 
 Therefore, all tours during trading hours (6:30 am to 3:30 pm) will have to be provided by non-trading personnel.
 
 Sorry, but we are in our busiest season and I cannot afford to have my traders away from the desk for even 10 minutes.
 
  
    Cc:	Presto, Kevin M.; Black, Tamara Jae
  
 Christi,
 Sorry to bombard you with another one, but Janelle is going to be out of town.
 
 Let me know if you can do this one.
 
 Thanks!
 Jennifer
 
  Time:		1:25 pm
 Visitor:	Heartland Industrial Partners
 Enron Host:	Steve Borden, Director, EES
 Attendees:	Cindy Hess, Sr. Managing Director
 		Eli Crotzer, Associate
 		Bob Carr, VP
 		Mike Loosvelt, Buyer
 		Doug Grimm, VP
 		Joe Robich, Sr. VP
 		Chip Moore, VP
 
 Background:	Heartland Industrial  Partners is a private equity firm established to acquire and expand industrial companies in sectors ripe for consolidation and growth.  
 EES - Heartland Outsource Deal Status:
 
 ?	Heartland expresses desire to expedite deal process with their automotive industrial platform (Metaldyne, C&A) in meeting with Mann, Muller, Blackman in April.  
 ?	Mike Moore, Steve Borden, Larry Doyle assigned as origination deal team.
 ?	Deal driver (per Heartland) is ability to deliver energy spend savings net of any transition or switching costs.
 ?	C&A and Metaldyne hot buttons:  (1) energy procurement/UR support; (2) monetize energy assets; (3) speed to closure - streamlined, template based deal negotiation process - no pain - close in four months; (4) bundled commodity/DSM; and (5)) on-site generation/peak shaving at selected locations.
 
 Issues:
 
 ?	Client commodity cost savings expectation vs. EES product of cost avoidance.
 ?	Need DSM to achieve savings hurdle - can this be bundled without slowing deal.
 ?	Term.  Heartland exit strategy is 5-7 years.  