
 
 To all Energy Operations employees:
 
 ENA has experienced extraordinary growth thus far in 2000.  I am especially 
 proud of the accomplishments of Energy Operations in supporting this growth.  
 I wanted to express my appreciation for all the hard work and dedication that 
 you have demonstrated.  We have done great work and I want to recognize you 
 for that.  
 
 Although we have done much, we have additional goals to accomplish within ENA 
 and Energy Operations this year.  Therefore, as we go forward, I want to make 
 sure that you have all the necessary tools to do the best possible job, and 
 that any barriers that may impede your work are removed.
 
 To help in this effort, I have asked a consulting organization -- S.J. Bashen 
 Corporation -- to survey our organization; to "take its pulse" if you will; 
 to help us understand what in our environment fosters success and where we 
 could improve; in essence, to assist us in acquiring the "necessary tools" 
 and breaking down any "barriers."  SJBC is comprised of seasoned consultants 
 who assist organizations like ours to help on issues like this.  SJBC will 
 meet with members of our group in a private setting where we can highlight 
 our successes, discuss our concerns, ask our questions, make our comments, 
 and the like.  This collective information then is studied by SJBC with the 
 goal of providing us an opinion regarding our strengths and weaknesses.  
 Specific input will not be identified by the individual who provided that 
 input.  
 
 Many of you will be receiving a phone call in the near future from a SJBC 
 consultant.  Please schedule a time to participate at your earliest 
 opportunity, as this effort will be a success for our group only if we 
 cooperate to the fullest extent.  Of course, given the size of our group, it 
 will not be possible to meet with each of you.  Therefore, if you have not 
 received a call from SJBC by August 15 but would like to share your thoughts 
 with them, please feel free to contact Cheryl Brown at 713.780.8056 and 
 Cheryl will be glad to include you in our survey.
 
 Communication is one of Enron's core values.  I want to stress that only 
 through open communication will this survey be a success.  Please be candid.  
 Thank you.
 
 Sally 