
 
 Sorry that I didn't get to call you on my way to the courthouse yesterday. I 
 was conducting lots of business back and forth with the Houston office during 
 the drive and just ran out of time.  We reconvene in court this morning, to 
 have what I hope will be final deliberation on sentencing, having found the 
 guy guilty on both counts,  (Prior to the start of a trial, the defendant 
 must choose either judge or jury to administer the sentence if the defendant 
 is found guilty - he chose the jury.)  I am in the office now for an 8:30 
 meeting with Jeff Skilling regarding the upcoming Associates PRC meeting, to 
 which I am a rep.  If I don't get a chance to reach you today, I will call 
 during my commute tomorrow.  --Sally 
 
 By the way, I thought that when I put "Energy Executive" as my occupation on 
 the jury summons form, that I would be deemed to be too conservative and too 
 corporate to be chosen for the jury.  Not the case!  In fact, Mark Koenig 
 (Enron's EVP of Investor Relations) was summoned for jury duty on Tuesday as 
 well, and he too was chosen to be on a different jury!  The whole thing is 
 actually very fascinating - just bad timing for me to be out so much this 
 week.  But then, there never is a good time.  
 
 
 
 
 Mike Jordan
 11/29/2000 06:06 AM
      
 
 Sally
 
 It must be your honest face  - I never get picked as I always look like I am 
 on the extreme end of a right wing law and order party/movement  -ie serious 
 penalties for parking tickets etc. I am not like that but it is just a porr 
 perception !!
 
 Look forward to the call otherwise we can catch up later
 
 Mike
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 
 I had to report for jury duty today (along with 500 others from Harris  
 County), and to my surprise I was selected to be a juror in a felony case.  
 The case will continue on Wednesday, so our scheduled time for a conference 
 call may not work.  I will try to reach you from my car while I am on my way 
 in for jury duty - probably around 8:30 or 9:00 Houston time.  
 
 
 
 
