
 
 Okay, here's a trivia question for you.   There are two siblings.  One's an 
 engineer and one's an accountant.  One works for a natural gas company and 
 the other works for an accounting firm.  Which one works for the accounting 
 firm?  
 
 Do you see the absurdity of our lives???  Level III, huh?  I don't know 
 anyone over level II.  Well, except Mr. Kirkpatrick's friend that's a partner 
 in New Orleans.  
 
 I dreamed the other night that I was outside the Swimming venue in Australia 
 and the American coach heard me talking and realized I was an American.  He 
 told me I had to swim an event b/c all the swimmers were either sick or 
 injured.  I never did get to swim, though.  The alarm went off before I even 
 found out what event I was swimming.  I hope it's not butterfly...I wouldn't 
 be very competitive if I had to swim butterfly.  Not that I'd even be 
 competitive if I was swimming freestyle at the olympics, unless it was the 
 special olympics...then I might stand a chance!
 
 Congrats on the job.  
 Robin
 
 
 
 

    
 
 We actually got some significant rain...up to 8 inches in some areas. Of 
 course there was none at the airport, so officially it didn't rain yesterday. 
 I was in FortWorth while it was raining here, so all I got was the spray from 
 the wet roads making my car dirty.
 
 When do you leave for Australia. Bring me back something nice.
 
 I'll be an Experienced Consultant Level III in the Supply Chain service line 
 with Arthur Andersen. It sounds like a really fun job, and they made an offer 
 I can't turn down.
 

 
 Glad to hear you haven't dried up and blown away.   They said we got rain
 here, but being from LA I say we got a little drizzle.  Just enough to make
 my car look like I went driving through mud puddles.
 
 What kind of job did Aruthur offer?  Once again let me point out that I
 enjoy the fact that this is on your company email.
 
 I'm spending my time these days checking the official Olympics website and
 dreaming.  I'm trying to get fired so I can just stay in Australia.  I
 don't think it's working though b/c I just keep getting more jobs.  I have
 two right now.
 
 Be nice and I might at least think about you while I'm in Australia.
 
 Talk to ya later,
 Robin
 
 
 
