
 
 Into product should be distributed to Andy and Patricia Young.  Emails in 
 this email
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT on 12/09/99 03:07 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 


   
 
 
 I've been hiding in the weeds.  Hisss.  I agree w/ Patty and Liz that product 
 definition should be the primary focus of the meeting.  It would seem most of 
 the transmission related issues PECO (or Dynegy) have could be addressed in 
 the context of the force majeure definition and how specific product 
 definitions tighten or loosen FM excuses for non-performance.
 
 I think we can represent that discussions w/ FERC staff will take place 
 during January.  Our meeting coordinator is talking w/ Mariott about roll out 
 meetings in Houston during the first week of March and in NYC late 
 April/early May.  Let me know if you have any scheduling conflicts during 
 those timeframes and I'll circulate some proposed dates w/ the product 
 definitions.  Also, let me know if you are not interested in participating in 
 one of or both roll-outs.
 
 I will gladly circulate product definitions, but will be out of town after 

 with any definitions you want circulated.
 
 Another topic I would suggest discussing briefly  if time is available is the 
 results of the contract survey.  We have received many responses. Tabulation 
 of the results should be done by our meeting.
 
 Andrew S. Katz, Senior Attorney
 Edison Electric Institute
 701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
 Washington, D.C.  20004
 Voice:  202-508-5616
 Fax:     202-508-5673

 

 Please take a look at this and give me your thoughts.  One area that I believe
 needs more work in particular is the item referring to FERC policies; I think
 this is PECO's issue, but I'm not sure what FERC policies they are concerned
 about.
 
 I would like to attach the current definitions of the products to the agenda.
 Do we have a definition of the "Into __" product that has been updated since 
 the
 November 9 conference call?  Is there a new defintion of the "Firm (LD-System
 Reliability)" product?
 
 What about trying to tackle bookouts if we have the time?  Is there any
 conceivable way we will have the time?
 
 Thanks,
 
 Harlan
 
 (See attached file: EEI-NEMA AGENDA.DOC)
 
