
 
 thanks
 
 
 Elizabeth Sager
 713-853-6349
 
  
     Importance:	High
 Sensitivity:	Confidential
 
 Liz
 	
 Agreed that all parties would review the proposed framework with traders to try to "fill in the boxes". It was however recognised that there were difficulties in interpreting what was intended by the proposed RTO's and the relationship with the current Into Cinergy market.
 	
 AEP viewed that purchase of transmission was the critical area, who had to purchase what and several scenarios to work through. Whether Seller buys a wheel, whether buyer buys a wheel, or under MISO both parties buy a  wheel. This clearly has knock on effect for obligations in respect of firm and non-firm transmission and curtailment. In particular, what if non-firm is elected and how this flows through into obligations of the parties to a transaction.
 	
 Perception that the framework prepared by AEP will start all interested parties in the same place to talk about the issues. 
 	
 It was agreed to try to get a representative from Duke to join the next call as they were an Into Cinergy product trader as well.
 	
 The next call was scheduled for November 29th at 10 o clock Eastern time. It was suggested that everyone at least take first page of Mitch's schedule and talk to the traders, since this would probably the best starting point, Mitch encouraged any comments to be shared earlier if possible.
 	
 Signed you up for this call in your absence.
 	
 Marcus
 
  
     
 
 
 
 Elizabeth Sager
 713-853-6349
 
  
     
 Attached please find a copy of the memo from F. Mitchell Dutton regarding
 Into Product Definition and Formation of Regional Transmission Organization
 for the 5:00 p.m. (EST) Conference call today.  Please contact Mitch Dutton
 at (614) 223-1605 or myself at (614) 324-6843 if you have any questions or
 comments.
 
 (See attached file: 87712.DOC)
 
 Thank you,
 
 DJ Stephens
 
 
 
 
 This e-mail message from the Legal Department of American Electric
 Power is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain
 confidential and privileged information.  Any unauthorized review, use,
 disclosure or distribution is prohibited.  If you are not the intended
 recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all
 copies of the original message.
  - 87712.DOC << File: 87712.DOC >> 