
 
 What case is this and why is it still in front of Whaley?
 
  



































  
 There was telephonic oral argument today before Judge Whaley on the filed
 rate issues in Campbell v. SDGE.  It went very well.  Judge Whaley began by
 asking Campbell to argue first, since "It seems to me you're flying in the
 face of the filed rate doctrine."  The bulk of the argument focused on two
 issues:  (1) what if anything is the effect of FERC's inability to issue
 retroactive rate relief, and (2) (to a much lesser extent) how a class
 action based on SDGE customers only avoided the discrimination prong of the
 doctrine.  Campbell's argument was ineffective, consisting mostly of his
 preferred social policy rather than any law.  His most substantive argument
 was that filed rate was based on a res judicata-like theory, and since
 market-based rates are not passed on by FERC before they go into effect, an=
 d
 can't changed be retroactively, resort to the courts was appropriate.
 
 I was not asked any specific questions at first, but was rather just asked
 to respond.  I began by advising the court of the July 25th order in which
 FERC held that filed rate applied to these market-based rates, then
 discussed Norwood, then addressed the res judicata analogy by pointing to
 the cases that hold that mere filing, rather than agency review, invokes th=
 e
 doctrine.  Whaley asked me a couple of questions about retroactive relief,
 the most significant of which was along the following lines:  "So what you
 are saying is that if, at the end of the day, it is determined that there i=
 s
 no right of retroactive relief, then that's just like a statute of
 limitations or any other limitation on a right or remedy that doesn't effec=
 t
 FERC's jurisdiction."  I answered affirmatively, stating that the salient
 point was that it was within Congress' power to decide how this type of
 interstate commerce was to be regulated, and that if Congress imposed
 limitations on remedies for illegal behavior, we were all bound by that.  H=
 e
 seemed content with that answer.
 
 Campbell replied in an argument that was pretty close to saying, "There mus=
 t
 always be a remedy somewhere."  Interestingly, Whaley then asked Campbell a
 couple of times whether he would concede Keogh's applicability if there was
 a FERC remedy.  I think this was a setup, and Campbell walked into it,
 basically saying yes.  Whaley didn't close the trap, but it would not
 surprise me if he finds that the existence of a remedy at the agency doesn'=
 t
 matter, and since Campbell admits that Keogh would bar the claim if there
 were a remedy, he's out of court.
 
 Whaley took it under submission and said he would issue an order.  I think
 he'll rule very narrowly, stressing that Campbell's is a claim under the
 FPA.  I tried to broaden his thinking, arguing that we ought not allow ever=
 y
 plaintiff to attempt to reinvent the regulatory system by dreaming up every
 manner of legal attack on filed rates, but I suspect he saw through that an=
 d
 will rule narrowly.  Anyway, I expect a good result.
 
 
 
 This email may contain material that is confidential, privileged and/or
 attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient.  Any
 review, reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express
 permission is strictly prohibited.  If you are not the intended recipient,
 please contact the sender and delete all copies.