

Great--thanks.  df




Steve Kirk
02/13/2001 03:28 PM







Drew, regarding your discount/capacity release comment, we will continue to 
have that language in the "Other" section of the TFX agreement on the 
website.  The TFX agreement is found by clicking on the GTC icon at the end 
of the product long description.  Also, we agree that our current practice 
will be to post only deals of less than one year.



Drew Fossum
02/13/2001 10:38 AM







I am OK on selling these packages on EOL.  This approval is based on my 
understanding that all of this capacity is currently posted, or, if not 
currently posted, will be posted for the appropriate amount of time prior to 
sale.  Additionally, this approval is contingent on use of the webtext we 
have been using for other EOL deals (I feel the need to say the obvious 
because I don't believe Law will see anything on these packages again).  I 
also assume that these will be short term deals--i.e., less than one year.  
Any long term discounted deals raise concerns that our "standard discount 
language" is designed to address, such as what is the effect of a new rate 
design or reduction in the max rate on the discounted deal.  I think we can 
live without that language in short term deals for now, but we need to 
revisit this issue and come up with a solution before we sell any long term 
deals on EOL.  ONe last thing, it is marketing's decision whether to include 
in the webtext the provision that says Northern gets the $$ if the shipper 
releases the capacity at a rate higher than the discounted rate.  I think our 
approach in negotiated deals has been to get that agreement if we could (a 
basis run up could make it a very valuable right).  If you have any 
questions, call me.  DF      


   
	
	
		








***  EOL ROUTING ***

Please send your approval by return email, to Craig Buehler, for the EOL 
packages listed on
the attached spreadsheet.  Each of the packages (22 in total) shows the path, 
sustainable capacity
and proposed rate for each product.  The rates are estimated to provide a 
measure for the dollar
amount of the discount (per our current discount policy).  These 22 products 
are the initial deals
being offered; subsequent packages will be routed as they are developed.  
Please call Craig, at
713-853-6964, if you have questions.  After approval by Legal, Reg Affairs 
and Marketing, the
approvals and/or comments will be forwarded to Danny McCarty for review.

Thanks,

Craig











