

i'm going to las vegas in august for a couple of days with my sisters and mom...what do you think?....how about you?  when and where was your last trip for pleasure?

lisa 

 

nothing more than what the rags say...........when you traveling?  you need a trip...........
 

do you have the scoop him?

lisa 

 

sad story, huh.  no dirt here, just clean living........... 

later
 

NUT AND HONEY....just being retarded again...sorry, didn't see your name on the last e-mail...so do you have any dirt to share with me?  What's up with the exec at EPME?  

lisa
 

already have it...........what kind of trouble are you getting into today?????
 



 

Thanks.

 

$2.00 is a fixed rate per MW.  It is a semi daily and monthly purchase.  In other words, we buy it daily, however they understand we need it on a monthly basis.  The price is the same for daily or monthly.  It seems rare we get cut on this transmission.  I've been here for about 4 months now and we have yet to be cut on this transmission.  This coming summer may be a different story.    Air Products is a Monday-Thursday deal.  We are currently purchasing at Midc to fill the position for Tuesday and Wednesday.  Hope this helps.

Lisa       

 
Cc:	Sewell, Doug

Thanks Lisa.  Is the $2 a fixed rate for every month or does it vary.  Also, do we buy that daily, monthly, or longer term than that?  Are there ever any problems with availability of the transmission (history of curtailments)?  Finally, what do we do with the extra power on the days Air Products doesn't take it (I think I remember the deal being for every day but Tuesdays and Wed or something strange like that)?  I know that is a lot of questions... Thanks for your help.

Steve

 

here you go
 


I purchase Snohomish Transmission to deliver power from MID C to Montana sys. The Transmission cost is $2.00 per mw. This cost is added in addition to the power price at MID C. The Air Products deal is at MID C.  We fill this position by purchasing at MID C.  I hope this helps. 


Lisa     
 
Cc:	Irani, Eric

Hi Lisa,

I am working on a Hedging Activity Report that will be sent to E&Y on a weekly basis.  I think Mo is out of the office so I heard that you might be the right person to ask for help.  For the first week, I am using a spreadsheet that Mo sent where he bought some July power at MID C.  It looks like the MID C power along with our NW Del length makes us flat for July at MID C and Montana System Border as well.  My questions are:

How does power flow between MID C and the other delivery points (like Montana)?
Do we incur a transmission cost on top of what he bought the power for?
We are actually a little long (960 MWh) b/c of the Air Products deal that is a little unique ... what happens to this length?

If it's easier to explain over the phone, please give me a call at 713-853-4748.  Thanks for your help.

Steve 
     