

---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/13/2000 08:48 
AM ---------------------------





thanks-Carlos talked to me yesterday and is excited at the prospect of the
Mexican work.  

Rose hasn't called me yet-thanks for the intro.

More tickets are available-as many as you want (I think you're the only real
fan in the group).  Hadn't heard the Biggio story-I'll check into it and
pass any gossip.  I think Asmus will be a good addition, but we still need a
good starter.  





We are getting the Enron treatment from Coral.  I hope Carolyn told you I
called yesterday - Coral was looking for Shell approval.  I'm guessing it
is in a coma.  I usually have 30 voice mails, and I have had 4 today, which
tells you something.  Good  time for Michael to be sick!

Carlos has interviews today and tomorrow with ENA.  I think he is looking
good for Mexico.  You guys are the absolutely best qualified for that
business, and I'll start planting that seed when I can.

By the way, thanks for the great job on Coral.  Did you hear from Rose on
the HSR on TurboPark?

We do want Astros tickets for next year - at least 15 games.  Are more
available?

I heard that Hampton had an issue with Patty Biggio (thank goodness, these
salaries are absurd), and I guess I'm glad to see Ausmus come back.
However, he is not a substitute for a pitcher.  And how is Shane?

Ciao,

Kay







cc:


Que paso con Coral?

Heard from your assistant that your son is sick-hope all is well.



                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not
the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete
all copies of the message.










                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.



