

Peter - 

Should Tana add you to her list of people who get the daily EnronOnline 
customer list?  She sends it out to several lawyers to see if there is any 
reason not to give access to the system.

Mark



	Peter Keohane
	Sent by: Sharon Crawford
	12/14/2000 11:09 AM
		


		 
Sorry for the delay in responding.  I have now reviewed this matter with Rob 
Milnthorp.  The status of Bank of Nova Scotia's financing arrangements to our 
counterparty Beau Canada Exploration Ltd., which was recently purchased by 
Murphy Oil  Canada Ltd., remains unclear.  However, until such time as that 
has been clarified, including the Bank of Nova Scotia's consent to our 
security for our mark-to-market positions with Beau Canada (now Murphy Oil 
Canada), Bank of Nova Scotia should not, at the request of Enron Canada, be 
added to EOL.

Peter






Peter-

Can you please tell me if we must continue to refuse access to EnronOnline 
for The Bank of Nova Scotia?  They have sent in another Password Application 
to apply today.

If we must continue to refuse them, can you please tell me what message I 
should convey to them?

Thank you,
Lara
   
	Enron Capital & Trade Resources 
	Canada Corp. 
	
		



Justin, Enron Canada is currently in an unresolved dispute with Bank of Nova 
Scotia where from our perspective Bank of Nova Scotia has essentially been 
telling us to shove off.  The dispute involves BNS's purported requirement to 
consent to collateral security given to Enron Canada for physical and 
financial trading positions with a counterparty known as Beau Canada.  
Neither Bank of Nova Scotia nor any affiliate of Bank of Nova Scotia should 
be traded OnLine and all trading ought to be monitored until such time as 
this matter is resolved, and this should be expressly communicated to Bank of 
Nova Scotia.  They can speak to me directly at 403.974.6923 or to our 
President and CEO, Rob Milnthorp at 403.974.6714.

I am copying this memo to Bill Bradford and Mark Taylor for their information.



Justin Boyd
09/25/2000 08:36 AM

Lara

Subject to approval from Peter (the C/P is a Canadian corporate), I approve 
for all products except for US power, weather and credit

Peter - thanks!

Justin










Hello all,

The Bank of Nova Scotia would like to trade with us online.  They are in GCP 
as #54087 and are existing customers of Enron Metals (Jimmy Gordon is the one 
who got them to send in the PA if that helps!).

Could you please let us know your comments in the S: access Database?

thank you,
Lara
---------------------- Forwarded by Lara Fields/LON/ECT on 25/09/2000 14:52 
---------------------------


London Fax System
25/09/2000 14:28



You have received a new fax from 0207 588 1542

The image contains 3 page(s).


















