

457 deals
13 New, 444 existing 






Shari Mao
06/06/2000 12:04 PM

Daren,
Please provide the number of Producer Services deals for the month of May 
(New vs. Existing)
Shari
3-3859
---------------------- Forwarded by Shari Mao/HOU/ECT on 06/06/2000 01:02 PM 
---------------------------



05/30/2000 11:43 AM











Attached please find the Activity Survey for the month of May, 2000.

I am sending the survey out this time as an opportunity to introduce myself 
to those of you I have not yet met.  I am being asked to take a direct roll 
in the further development and rollout of the Operations Pricing Model (fka 
Transaction Cost Model).  In the past, I have directed the implementation of 
several pricing systems based on activity based costing similar to the 
Operations Pricing Model (OPM).  Over the past couple of weeks my 
observations of the Model have lead me to be concerned with the quality of 
data used in the model.  It will take efforts by both you and the OPM team to 
get to a satisfactory level of data quality.  This process can start with 
this months data collection efforts.  Please pay particular attention this 
month as the "bar is being raised" by the management of Energy Operations for 
data quality and timeliness.

The attached survey drives your costs from your activities to the commercial 
teams.  Please select your RCs, and fill in the driver quantity for the 
requested driver for the month of May. Please fill out the attached activity 
driver survey with May numbers for your RC and return to Shari Mao by end of 
day Friday, June 2.

Please note the following updates:
For Nat Gas, Sally Beck is interested in physical (as denoted as PH in the 
survey) vs. financial (as denoted as FI in the survey) numbers, please 
provide statistics accordingly
If a driver has not been updated per your request, please call or email 
Jennifer Reside
If you have additional updates / suggestions or items that need correction, 
please call or email Jennifer Reside

If your group currently generates a standard report that captures the 
surveyed data, please send the report to Jennifer Reside.  This will 
eliminate your need to fill out this survey every month.  If you would like 
us to collect this information from someone within your team beginning next 
month, please let Jennifer know.

Please contact Jennifer Reside x3-5971 with questions (Shari is on vacation 
this week), or if you are unable to complete the survey within the allotted 
time.



 



