

We'll guarantee a minimum of $200,000 for 2002 based on current price of $25,000 per data room.  We will not agree to an allocation though.
 
Thanks
 
Louise


Cc: Richter, Brad; Pickering, Mark; Beck, Sally; Wasaff, George; Mesquita, Ross; Whalley, Greg


As you know, we have an application in ENW called DealBench.  This application allows deal rooms, data rooms and auctions.  
 
ENW has done a complete review of this application and determined the following:
 
(1)  It is very difficult to build a successful, externally facing business based on the above lines of service in an ASP format.  Outside marketing to external clients for a fee was stopped in July 2001.
 
(2)  A change in the eCommerce landscape combined with Auctioning technology becoming a commodity makes it very difficult to sell the application and associated intellectual property.  ENW has approached 22 separate companies about a purchase of the software since April with no outright bids.
 
(3)  However, the auction and deal room functionality was used by many internal business units for a variety of reasons.  According to expected budgets and expected costs prior to events vs. actual results after auctions and deal rooms occurred, Enron business units realized approximately $8 million in value.  In the past, ENA has done 13 data rooms, EES did 2 live auctions, EBS did 3 live auctions, Corp. did 4 live auctions, tax did a deal room and NBPL did 2 auctions in addition to the small amount of business that was done by non-Enron clients.
 
Therefore, the question going forward is if several business units in Enron will take the application on an allocated or commitment to services basis for 2002.  The total estimated expense for the application (depreciation, ongoing technical and commercial support, etc.) is $2 million for 2002.  
 
If a representative of each business unit would get back to me with an answer soon, that would be great.  The application works well and has provided real value to Enron.  If there is not enough interest in it, I will discuss with Whalley what we do about potentially shutting it down.
 
Thanks.
 
 

Greg Piper 
Chief Executive Officer

Enron Net Works, LLC

  _____  

 