

Thanks Paul.  Mark

 
Cc:	Thapar, Raj; Brysch, Jim

Raj Thapar asked that I provide you with a report on the conference call held at 3:00 p.m. today with representatives of 360networks regarding our proposed settlement.

The primary participants in the call on 360networks' side were commercial people charged with responsibility for various aspects of the proposed settlement. There are a fair number of details to track, and the commercial team at 360networks has experienced virtually 100% turnover. The focus of the discussion was simply to ascertain whether the commercial counterparts were of one mind about the intended outcomes with respect to route cancellations, calculations of payments due, details of collocation requirements going forward and similar commercial details.

The 360networks team raised a number of questions regarding the types of questions described above. Some were addressed on the call, but the primary thrust was identification of the outstanding commercial issues for 360 (none of which seemed to be major) and the identification of the members of each commercial team responsible for each detail, so that we can break into working groups each of which can solve for a particular type of problem. A subsequent conference call will be necessary to gather the reports of the participants and to resolve any remaining issues.

Tim Aschoff, in-house counsel at 360, indicated that he was still awaiting comments from their outside counsel at Willkie Farr with respect to the settlement documents, and that those would be forwarded as soon as they become available. 

Tim Aschoff also emphasized that the deal was still of interest to 360, that the questions and issues being raised were not an attempt to re-trade anything, and that 360 regrets the delays and the confusion resulting from the turnover of its commercial team.

If anyone has any questions regarding the details of this call or the status of settlement negotiations, please feel free to call me.

Paul Puchot