
 
 For your information.  The outcome was great for TW because the Cal. PUC 
 adopted our receipt point proposal, eliminating the danger of mandated 
 restriction of TW's deliveries to the California border.  The outcome is not 
 so great for Enron overall because they rejected our proposed settlement.  
 The receipt point proposal was able to survive since it was part of both of 
 the competing settlements.  
 I'm still trying to get thru the whole order; let me know if you have 
 questions.
 S.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Susan Scott/ET&S/Enron on 11/27/2000 
 09:20 AM ---------------------------
  Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
   
  
 Well, this shows the direction in which the "new" Commission is heading.  The 
 very good news, though, is that  TW's proposal was included in both 
 settlements (now that's hedging!).  Thus,  the benefits to TW were preserved 
 under both proposals.  Congratulations.  That's fantastic--hard work that 
 paid off.
 
 We will of course express out extreme dissappointment with the PD, and point 
 out that this decision condemns California to a 20th century infrastructure, 
 when the state's 21st century economy demands much, much better.  
 
 We should discuss.  Since the PD empowers the likes of Norm and Florio, it 
 will be important to play very close attention to implementation of Hector.
 
 Sorry to have to be the one to deliver the news.   But we have a knack of 
 making lemonade out of lemons and we'll do out best to do the same here, 
 whatever turns up at the end.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 11/22/2000 05:53 PM -----
 

 	11/22/2000 05:27 PM
 		 


 		  		  
 
 The PD in the Gas Restructuring is out.   I have yet to read the whole
 thing, but the title "Approval With Modifications Of The Interim
 Settlement..." does not bode well.  According to Steve Watson (and I only
 have Steve's statement second hand), the decision reflects a fear that the
 timing is wrong in light of the current volatile gas price market.
 
 (See attached file: Proposed.doc)
 
 --
 Michael S. Alexander
 Southern California Edison
 626-302-2029
 626-302-3254 (fax)
 
  - Proposed.doc
