
 
 Frazier tells me he's available.  How about 11:45 at Little Pappasito's on 

 
 
 
 

   
  
 
 Date, time, and either of those places are fine with me, subject to
 Frazier's availability.  This would be a good opportunity to discuss topics
 for the luncheons, which Frazier and I have been trying to do for a while.
 I also need to share with you some conversations I've been having with folks
 at EBA in DC and proposals they are pushing at the Houston chapter.
 
 
    Cc: Caldwell, Charles
  
 
 
 Oooh, "venue." I like it.  The 24th is good with me.  How about either
 Pappadeaux or Pappasito or anything else around the Kirby/59 area?  Should
 take you guys the same amount of time getting out of downtown.   11:30? (to
 beat the lunch crowd).
 
 
 
 
 

 

                                           

 
                     02:40 PM              International
                                          Conference
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I am free for lunch on 12/4.  I'll see if Frazier's available.
 Why don't we choose a venue somewhere between Duke and downtown.
 
 
 
 

 

 cc:
 
  
 
 Sounds like an excellent idea.  Does lunch on Monday, December 4th work for
 your schedules?  If not, let's hear a counter-offer.
 
 

  
 
 
 
 Susan,
 
 I go this email as well.  Unfortunately, I've been busy as well and didn't
 really look at it.  As for future matters, what will be our involvement for
 EBA-Houston events?  Would the two of you like to get together for lunch
 sometime, maybe with Frazier and the other current EBA officers so we can
 understand our roles/duties/functions a little better (hey, aren't we both
 pretty big clients of a certain Houston law firm? -- hint, hint, Charles  :
 )
 
 - Dat
 713-260-7105
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
                     nron.com              

 
                     11/21/2000           cc:
 
                     01:13 PM              International Conference
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Does anyone know this person or his organization?  Is this something our
 membership might be interested in?  Frankly I have been too busy to think
 about this -- if you have any comments let's talk.
 
 Susan Scott
 713-853-0596
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Susan Scott/ET&S/Enron on 11/21/2000
 01:08 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 
  cc:
 
  
 
 
 
 About three weeks ago, I inquired about EBA's  interest in organizing a
 concurrent session at the upcoming IAEE (International  Association for
 Energy Economics) conference in Houston (April  2001).
 
 Since I did not hear back from you, I assume that  EBA was not interested.
 It would help us a lot in our future planning  if you could perhaps help me
 with your reasoning.  Did we approach you  too late (given the Dec 4
 deadline)?   We required all participants to pay registration fees, was
 that an issue?   We couldn't guarantee you a slot even if you proposed a
 session, was that an  issue?
 
 Thanks in advance for your response.
 
 
 S. Gurcan Gulen, Ph.D.
 Research  Associate
 Energy Institute
 Bauer College of Business
 University of  Houston
 Houston, TX 77204-6283
 713-743-4696 (p)
 713-743-4881 (f)
 www.uh.edu/energyinstitute
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
 The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.  This
 email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
 named above.  If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
 representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
 review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
 or the information contained herein is prohibited.  If you have received
 this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email
 and delete this email from your system.  Thank You
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
 The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.  This
 email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
 named above.  If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
 representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
 review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
 or the information contained herein is prohibited.  If you have received
 this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email
 and delete this email from your system.  Thank You
 
