
 
 Sounds good to me...Coincidentally, a made service will be coming to clean my 
 car this evening 
 
 Susan 
 
 
 
 
 
 Ted Noble
 07/18/2000 03:21 PM
    
 Let's plan on heading over there around 8:00-8:30 so there is absolutely no 
 hurrying after work.  Steak night is a time of leisure so take all the time 
 you need to get home, change and relax before heading out.  I live at the 
 Park at River Oaks (West Alabama & Buffalo Speedway on Buffalo Speedway--from 
 your place just take a right on Buffalo Speedway and its the first place on 
 your left) and the only entrance has a guard and he will call up to my place 
 to let you in.  Park at any labelled guest spot (left side of the up ramps 4 
 floors) and my place is #3309 - closest building to the corner of Buffalo 
 Speedway and West Alabama.  Now I am really tired from all this typing.
 
 Ted
 
 By the way, a maid service is coming to clean my place tomorrow afternoon.  
 Quite a coincidence ... hmmm
 
 
 
 
 
 Susan M Scott
 07/18/2000 02:40 PM
    
 Hey Math-Wiz,
 
 I completely understand your plight.  I too am suffering a two o'clock, 
 post-lunch slump (the coffee is simply not working at this point).  Anyway, I 
 think a change of clothes prior to Steak Night is probably a good idea.  
 Also, driving tomorrow is not a problem... just let me know the gate code, 
 apt. #, etc.  Along those same lines, what time did you want to head over 
 there?  (For better-safe-than-sorry reasons, due to my job, I think no 
 earlier than 7:30 p.m. is our best bet.)
 
 Hope you're having a lovely day and don't work too hard (Ha!!).
 
 Susan
 
 
 
 
 Ted Noble
 07/18/2000 02:05 PM
    
 Hey Shorty,
 
 I hope your day is going well.  We took our MD out for lunch because he is 
 relocating to NY and will spend about a week in Houston a month.  Well, to 
 make a short story long, we ate at Erma's (great food) but I am getting very 
 sleepy (life is difficult I know) from eating way too much.  I assume we are 
 going home to change into some casual/hot weather clothes before dinner 
 tomorrow and I may need you to pick me up.  I am still looking for some good 
 jokes that I can send to you that are funny but still moderately appropriate 
 (most are completely inappropriate - I have sick friends).  Check out 
 www.darwinawards.com for some funny but true stories.  I'll talk to you later.
 
 Ted
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
