
 
 Thanks, Maria, this is very helpful.  I'm planning on drafting something this 
 week for everyone's review.  Don't know if any other pipelines have tried to 
 do anything similar but I'll find out.
 
 
 
 
 
 Maria Pavlou
 03/06/2000 04:39 PM
   
  
 FYI a little more background:  
 
 The Amgas relationship began as a result of TW's efforts to unbundle under 
 Order No. 636, whereby we assigned gas purchase contracts to Amgas.  In 
 addition, we had them administer certain remaining gas purchase contracts as 
 well as our de minimus sales function.  All Amgas does today is administer 
 our sales function.  We never eliminated our sales function; we just 
 transferred the administration of it to Amgas.  
 
 The marketing affiliate rule requires that a pipeline's sales division be 
 treated as a functional equivalent of a marketing affiliate.   Our standards 
 of conduct provide that the Vice President of Finance and Accounting is 
 advised of pertinent sales activities by Amgas but does not participate in 
 any of the day-to-day operations of Transwestern's merchant function.  As a 
 result, the VP is not a shared operating employee under Standard G.  FTS-2 
 transportation service is the unbundled no-notice transportation service the 
 (former and current) sales customers received under Order No.  636.   I think 
 we should be able to file revised standards saying that the merchant function 
 is even smaller than it was when we unbundled [true?] which is not enough 
 work for an agent to perform and that we've brought it back in house and 
 explain why the person with the sales function responsibility is not a shared 
 operating employee under G.   Maria 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 This sounds like a good candidate for a waiver application to FERC.  If we 
 can save the $60,000/yr, it would be worth asking FERC for authority to 
 simply use an ET&S market services person to administer the farm tap sales 
 from time to time, without any functional separation or other junk.  We could 
 even list the specific sales contracts we have so FERC would be comfortable 
 that we are not going to expand the business.  The NN situation was different 
 (I think) because NN had formally notified FERC that it was discontinuing use 
 of its sales rate schedule.  Would TW use the FTS-2 rate schedule?  We have 
 never formally discontinued the TW sales function, right?   What do you guys 
 think about the likelihood that FERC would approve such a waiver?  Has it 
 ever approved similar small-volume waivers?  DF   
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 I've been asked to look into whether TW may administer its farm tap sales 
 contracts directly or whether we need to continue to use AmGas.  TW no longer 
 has any gas purchase contracts, just a handful of sales contracts to persons 
 who granted rights of way to TW.  Many of these parties don't even buy gas on 
 a regular basis, but they still have the contractual right to do so.  We pay 
 AmGas around $60,000/year to administer the contracts.  The AmGas contract is 
 terminable on 30 days notice.
 
 I know that last year NNG re-established its pipeline sales division to make 
 occasional gas sales and for other economic reasons (i.e. the base gas 
 deal).  Do you think it would be worthwhile for TW to do the same?  Looks 
 like NNG had an easy time getting its filing approved, but would like to hear 
 from you what all was involved behind the scenes -- in other words, was it as 
 easy as it looked?  
 
 Another idea that Maria suggested would be to apply to the Commission to 
 waive the Section 284.286 requirements in this instance since the remaining 
 sales contracts are so few and insignificant. 
 
 Your comments would be most appreciated!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
