
 
 The term of the FTS-1 agreement is for one day, and automatically renews from 
 day to day.
 The discount letter provides that the discount applies to the one-day term 
 and each consecutive one-day term (if any).  The term of the discount letter 
 is typically one month or 3 months.  The discount letter does not obligate TW 
 to provide service for more than one day, but as long as the term of the 
 service agreement renews, the same discount would apply.  
 
 My point is that if we are already contracting for daily firm this way, it 
 should not matter whether the discount is effective for one month or for 12 
 months.  
 
 If there is a problem with the current arrangement, we should discuss it.  
 Nothing about the way we do these deals has changed since we discussed it 
 last December.
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

 
  
 I do have a problem or concern with this--  how do we argue it is daily 
 capacity and at the same time we agree to rate to be applicable for a year?  
 MK
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

 
  
 Yes, we did revise the language.
 Commercial Group's question is whether we see a problem with making the 
 discount effective for one year.  I think it should make no difference.
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 I thought we had worked on some revised language, because we had a concern 
 when the agreement indicated the discount was available for the month.  Glen 
 was working with you on this I believe.  MK
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 The Commercial Group has asked whether they can sell daily firm for longer 
 than a 3-month period.  This phrasing is of course misleading; TW's daily 
 firm contracts are always for a term of just one day, but renew for 
 consecutive one-day terms unless terminated.  The discount letter, on the 
 other hand, grants a discounted rate for each of the one-day terms for a 
 certain period of time (typically one month).  Steve Harris wants to be able 
 to "sell daily firm for a one-year period."  In contractual terms all this 
 would mean is that the contract is for renewabable one-day terms (as usual), 
 and the discount applicable to such terms would be effective for one year.  I 
 see no problem with this, do you?  (Apparently the current perception in 
 marketing is that regulatory/legal was limiting daily firm to a 3-month 
 period.)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
