
 
 
 
  
     
 we should definitely get together. so when are yall coming? where are
 you staying? i have a lot of suggestions, as i have done the whole
 touristy thing here in seattle when i first moved here.
 
 i am betting you are staying downtown or near downtown which is
 perfect/. and getting around seattle is easy- you can either take bus,
 or if you dont feel like it, you can always take cabs as they are
 readily available in the downtown area.
 
 you must see pike place market--- its downtown on the waterfront, where
 they have fresh fish, etc/ very neat/
 
 then there is the experience music project, an awesome museum -
 literally like nothing you have ever seen before. very interesting.
 
 for outdoor stuff, i would say Discovery Park, which is about a 15
 minute drive from downtown.  it is beautiful.
 
 write me and let me know when you and your co worker are coming (as in,
 what weekend)--- i hope it is a weekend that i am planning to be here! i
 would love to meet up.
 
 let me know
 bonnie
 
 
     
 
 Hi Bonnie,
 
 How are you doing?  Lisa said you'd broken your foot recently and have
 been stuck on crutches...which I'm guessing is no fun when you're riding
 public transportation.  Anyway, I was writing to see if you might have
 some suggestions of things to do and places to go while in Seattle.  One
 of my co-workers and myself are flying up Thursday for a long weekend in
 your fair city and were hoping to get a few pointers.  I hope you're
 still enjoying things as much as you were a few months ago.  It looks
 like you may have changed jobs already, which I trust is a good thing
 for you.  I'm very anxious to see the city and all it has to
 offer...there is a part of me that has always thought I'd like to live
 in the Pacific Northwest for a while (so this will be a little bit of a
 research trip for me).  If you could start thinking of suggestions for
 restaurants, bars, outdoor activities, etc. that would be great, and
 maybe if you're in town we could get together for a meal or a drink.
 
 Thanks a bunch,
 Susan