
 
 Hi Ashley,
 
 It's so funny that you emailed me today because I was just telling Jessica this weekend that I needed to drop you a line.  Unfortunately, I'm no longer moving to London.  I was offered a job here in Houston trading and just couldn't pass it up.  However, I will definitely tell my friend Emily about the flat...she's always looking for ways to save a little bit of money.  I'll also keep my ears open for any Enronites who are looking for places to live.
 
 Actually, the reason I was going to email you was to let you know I'm coming over to visit again this June.  I will be in town basically the 6th through the 11th (flying in on the 5th and departing the 12th).  I hope you're in town at least some of that time...I'm still frustrated we never had a chance to hook-up last time.  Food for thought...there's an Eagles concert on the 9th and my friend already has tickets with some buddies... I'm was planning on just getting a single ticket and hopefully squeezing in with them, but if you have any interest please let me know and we could just get tickets together. 
 
 Talk to you soon,
 Susan
 
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.   		
 
 
    
 
 Susan,
 
 I know this is a bit random, but I know that you had maybe mentioned coming
 over to London for a year.  I have no idea if this will pan out, but I am
 looking for a roommate.  If you were comign over and might want to be my
 roommate, I would be super excited.  I live in a really cool area in teh
 middle of everything and do not want to have to give up the flat.  It is
 actually really cheap rent at ?200 a week or so.  the little man who owns
 it lives next door and keeps different flowers planted depending on the
 season.
 
 If you are not coming, or just do not want to be my roommate, do  you think
 you could keep your ears open for anyone you know who might be moving over.
 Do you think your friend who you were visiting might need a roommate?
 
 Think on it and let me know any feedback.
 Take care,
 Ashley
 
 
