
 
 Never fear.  I've asked Janet to set up a meeting on Fri. and to make sure 
 the core group of you, Drew, Steve and I can attend.  If anyone else can 
 attend too, great.  If not, I'm sure we are going to have more than enough 
 input on Fri.
 
 
 
 
 Jeffery Fawcett
 06/28/2000 04:33 PM
   
  
 You know how much I loathe these meetings with the Hee-Haw gang.  This 
 telecon/videocon will likely degrade into a raucous Omaha-led circle jerk 
 with everyone else, mostly the Houston group, trying to get a word in 
 edgewise.  Is there any way to make this more fruitful?
 
 If we do this, and you want to include me, you'll have to put it together 
 before close of business Friday as I'm out all next week for surgery.
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Jeffery Fawcett/ET&S/Enron on 06/28/2000 
 04:26 PM ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 





 
  
 Given the overwhelming response so far, I think a meeting may be necessary to 
 get this project moving.  Thanks. DF 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 





  
  
 So far I have not received comments from anyone on the attached.  
 If you think it would be productive to get everyone together (possibly as 
 early as Friday?) for about an hour to discuss capacity options, I will set 
 up a meeting.   Please let me know one way or the other.
 Thank you.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Susan Scott/ET&S/Enron on 06/28/2000 
 11:39 AM ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 





  
  
 Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on 
 Transwestern.  The attachments include a filing letter, proposed tariff 
 language and a proposed form agreement.
 
 Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out.  I am 
 distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue 
 about the larger issues first.  A few that come to mind are whether we want 
 to commit to selling options online, how best to explain or justify the 
 option fee, and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC 
 should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future 
 capacity for shippers.  Please let me know your thoughts on these and any 
 other issues.  
 
 I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording, other conforming 
 changes to the tariff, and other comments concerning form until after we have 
 resolved the substantive issues.  Thanks.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
