
 
 I believe this message was intended for Susan M Scott of ENA.  I'm with ETS 
 Legal.
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 


  
  
 I want to recap our understanding of the key cultural/behavioral attributes 
 that you said were important to interview for.      If you want to add to 
 this please don't hesitate to do so.   We will form a questionnaire tailored 
 to your group's needs. 
 
 The right candidate will desire an environment that will challenge them with 
 new situations on a constant day to day basis.   This person would become 
 bored and restless with routine.   This person would also enjoy learning at a 
 relatively fast and voluminous rate. 
 The candidate will rarely lose a train of thought despite interruptions and 
 can return to the point at which a discussion or idea was disrupted.   There 
 are techniques as well as questions that can address this. 
 The person must indicate a high degree of dependability, endurance, 
 follow-through, and persistence.   They must be equipped with an ability to 
 cope with adversity and be willing to do what it takes to get it done.    
 They must not be adverse to working beyond the 45hr week.    It is difficult 
 for the candidate to create a story that combines examples of all of these 
 traits unless it truly happened.   If they have these traits, they have used 
 them in the past. 
 Relatively thick skinned.   How do they accept criticism and/or reprimands?   
 A desire to be in control of situations is also a desirable trait.  These 
 applicants must want to make decisions and control outcomes almost all of the 
 time.   Not to be confused with micro-managers or control freaks 
 (yeah-buts).   
 Lastly, they must have an entrepreneurial focus.    They need to be the 
 people that make it happen, with possibilities but without guarantees  of 
 personal gain, a desire to take ultimate responsibility, and influence others 
 to get it done and make them feel good about it.   The how, what, when, 
 where, and why of being in a leadership role. 
 
 We will start formulating the questions and the order in which they should be 
 asked today.   Do you have any candidates in the near future?   We would be 
 glad to help you with interviewing tips.   
 hgm
 
