
 
 Mike, sorry, I probably deleted not realizing it (I was adjusting to Outlook)  Would you mind
 resending it.  Thanks. Lynn
 
  
     
 Yes, I sent you a follow-up note last Friday....Let me know if you did not recieve it. 
 
  
     
 Mike, is this taken care of ?  Thanks. Lynn
 
  
    Cc:	Lynn Blair
  
 Mike, can you follow up with the team, Chris and Sue to be sure we are
 all on the same page on this issue?  Thanks. Lynn
 
    
  
 I assumed Kaztex were nominating on the timely, but after our storage discussions at today's Morning Meeting, I need to check.  I will instruct them to do so.  This should then clear up their accounts. 
 
 Thanks!
 
  
    Cc:	Semin, Frank
  
 Chris,
 
 The tariff prohibits us from makeing transfers between storage points, not any NNG policies.   Are they making the nomination from Mid 17 to Demarc Storage on the timely process?  If they are, they should have been able to get injections, as we have not been allocating the timely process the last few days.
 
 Sue
 
  
    Cc:	Semin, Frank
  
 Earlier this month, Marketing entered into a negotiated rate deal with Kaztex for one day transport from Demarc to Eagle.  It was Kaztex's intention to withdraw the gas they had in their IDD/Park & Ride account to bring their balance down to zero.  The negotiated rate deal required extensive review and the customer was tendered the contract at 11:52 AM.  Market Services held open the window to accomodate their late nomination.
 
 Herein lies the problem, the Kaztex scheduler withdrew the Park & Ride from the Demarc Storage Point because Demarc was their Primary Receipt Point on the transportat contract.   Instead, they should have withdrew from their Ogden and Mid 17 Storage balances.  To date, they have tried to nominate a transport from the Mid 17 and Ogden points to Demarc Storage but the Storage Nominations continue to be allocated.
 
 I understand it is not Northern's policy to transfer storage between two points without a transportation transaction, however, I would request for this specific case Northern would administer a transfer thus preventing any possible MIC charges at the end of the month.  I estimate the transport revenue being waived to be approx. $44 (2345 MMBtu from Mid 17 Storage * $0.019 plus 720 MMBtu from Ogden at $0 cost).  The negotiated rate deal easily made up this amount.
 
 If you agree with allowing the transfer of the storage balances, please let me know and I will alert the appropriate scheduler and Kaztex.
 
 Thank you for your consideration.
 
 Chris Sebesta
 Northern Natural Gas
 Office:  402-398-7064
 Fax:      402-398-7413 

 
