
 
 There was a flurry of activity in March, 1997 involving Petron but it was on 
 the physical side and we never made it to the swap issues.  Again in April, 
 1998, Manuel and John Enerson began looking into the issue of gaming statutes 
 in an effort to attack legislation in the Philippines.  No further legal work 
 was ever attempted.  Hope this helps.  Regards.   SS
 
 
 
 
 Anita Fam
 07/18/99 08:46 PM



  
 All -
 
 I'll be happy to do the legal due dliligence and ISDA documentation from here.
 
 Bill/Cynthia:
 Please let me know who in Credit will be handling this so that I can 
 coordinate with them when the need arises.
 
 Sara:
 When Janice mentioned the legal due diligence with regard to commodity 
 derivatives in the Philippines, did she mean the legal survey done by Allen & 
 Overy?  If so , I've got copies of all that and can take it from here. If 
 that isn't the case and you've done more ISDA work in the Phillipines since 
 then, I'd be forever grateful if you could send over whatever copies of the 
 stuff which you have for me to suss out the situation there.
 
 Mark T. /Janice:
 Is there any particular law firm whom we should work with this time round?
 
 Thanks, all.
 
 Rgds,
 Anita
 
 
 
 Alan B Aronowitz
 07/16/99 10:41 PM


  
 Anita/Sara:
 
 I would suggest that Anita handle while coordinating with Sara on the 
 background of the previous work product.
 
 Alan
 
 
 
 Janice Moore
 07/13/99 10:19 AM

  
 Well, it looks like we might have a shot at an ISDA w/ a PHilippines 
 company.  One issue that discussed w/ Manuel but he does not mention in his 
 note is that we would probably require an enforceability opinion from Petron 
 (a compnay jointly owned by the PHilippines govt and Saudi Aramco).  I'm not 
 sure which credit dept. would handle this deal, but Cynthia Schnedier has 
 some familiarity w/ Petron.   I'll leave it to Mark, Alan and Anita to 
 determine whether Anita will handle the ISDA or whether it will be someone 
 from Houston (Sara S. did the original legal due diligence on the 
 enforceability of commodities derivatives contracts in the PHilippines).
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Janice Moore/HOU/ECT on 13.07.99 10:15 
 ---------------------------
 
 
 Wang Moi Eng
 12.07.99 22:31






  
 Manuel,
 
 Thanks for the update and we look forward to meet Petron traders/risk 
 management team during our next visit to Manila, probably during our first 
 cargo of gasoil to FGH, currently planned for end August / early September. 
 Kindly let us know on new developments. For your information, John is away on 
 home leave and will be back in office only after mid - August.  
 
 Best regards,
 Eng
 
 
 
 
  13/07/99 10:53 CDT




   
 
 
 
 Dear John,
 
 Yayette Ventigan of Petron informed me yesterday that the energy derivatives 
 course conducted by Paradigm in Manila from July 7 to 10 was well-received.  
 I sensed that the course was not deemed easy by the Petron participants.  
 Further, Yayette indicated that they could have easily used up more time for 
 the same amount of material.
 
 Given the Paradigm course (and the Citibank course which Yayette attended in 
 Australia), Yayette indicated that the Petron Board will most likely give the 
 marching orders to Petron management on July 27 to (1) develop an initial, 
 basic and conservative hedging program for Petron?s fuel oil and gasoil 
 supplied to the National Power Corporation and (2) go out to the market (most 
 likely through a bid process) and execute a financial risk management 
 contract (ISDA).
 
 Yayette indicated that Petron looks forward to the working meeting with 
 Enron?s Singapore traders.  I indicated to Yayette that end of August to 
 early September would probably be convenient for us.  Yayette could not yet 
 determine an appropriate time for Petron.
 
 With respect to legal expectations, Petron appears to be at ease with the
 following:
 
 ?  In general, the concept of disassociating the financial risk management 
 contract from the Philippines with the exception of Petron Corporation (a 
 Philippine corporation) being a party to the contract.
 
 ?  Petron executing a financial risk management contract with an offshore 
 counter-party like Citibank Australia or ECT Singapore.
 
 ?  Petron physically executing the contract outside the Philippines.
 
 ?  The contract to be governed by the laws of the State of New York.
 
 I did point out to Yayette the need for offshore collateral in the form of a 
 Letter of Credit, which is consistent with the risk of non-enforcement for 
 collateral in the Philippines.  Yayette indicated that she would raise this 
 issue in her discussions with Petron treasury.
 
 More later as I receive more feedback from Petron.
 
 Best regards,
 Manuel
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
