
 
 FYI
 ----- Forwarded by Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT on 09/11/2000 02:06 PM -----
 
 	Janine Juggins
 	09/11/2000 02:42 AM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Sara, 
 we are currently working with John to establish a corporate structure for 
 equities trading out of London. I am due to meet with him today or tomorrow 
 so will follow up on these particular trades.
 Regards
 Janine
 
 
   
  
 Thanks for being on top of this.  As I mentioned in my voice mail to you on 
 Friday, no trader should conclude a transaction on behalf of ENA while 
 located in a foreign country.  On several discrete occasions we have 
 sanctioned exceptions to this rule but each such case had unique facts that 
 permitted us to conclude that those transactions were OK.  Further, any 
 physical presence by ENA is a foreign country is generally a bad idea because 
 it supports a foreign tax authority's argument that ENA is doing business in 
 their country.  Thus, because of that general concern, no Instinet terminal 
 should be put in place on behalf of ENA in a foreign country (especially 
 since for what purpose would such a thing be used - trading?) but, rather, an 
 appropriate foreign affiliate of Enron should contract for such service (in 
 this respect, you should speak with Janine Juggins in our London tax group - 
 Janine is our resident trading tax expert in London and will be very familiar 
 with the things described in this E-mail).  I will be out of the country this 
 week (returning the week of the 18th) and can be reached at the Vancouver 
 Hotel in Vancouver, British Columbia.  Best regards.  Steve.
 
 
     
 John:  I hear that you are trying to trade in the name of Enron North America 
 Corp. while you sit in London.  Althought both ECT Investments, Inc. and 
 Enron North America Corp. have agreements with Instinet Corporation, those 
 companies are all U.S. companies without any presence in the U.K. (those 
 companies do not pay U.K. taxes!)  I have asked the ENA tax lawyers to review 
 the implications of your proposed activity.  I will try to speak with you 
 Monday before things go too far.  Please provide an immediate response and 
 copy the tax lawyers noted above.  Thanks.  Sara
 
 
 
 
 
