
 
 John:  The "signature block" for ENA and ECT Investments, Inc. trades done 
 through the U.K. agent actually looks different.  It should read something 
 like "Company X, as agent for ENA", for example.  Therefore, Insitnet needs 
 to see the agency agreement between Company X and ENA (which is in the 
 process of being drafted).  You are correct in that the original ENA/Instinet 
 agreement will be utilized.  However, Instinet needs to review the agency 
 arrangement before proceeding.
 
 You are also correct about the ITG agreement.  In fact, ENA DOESN'T have an 
 executed agreement with POSIT.  I spoke with the POSIT lawyer several months 
 ago and was shocked that the service would operate without anything in 
 writing.
 
 Thanks.  Sara
 
 
 
 	John Greene
 	09/25/2000 02:32 PM
 		

 		  Investments, Inc.
 
 Sara,
 
 As ENA and ECT Investments, Inc., will be the entities where all trades are 
 actually booked, I would not think that any new agreements would need to be 
 signed between the new "agent" entitiy and any outside vendors (ie, brokers, 
 online trading platforms, etc.)  The new entity will never take actual 
 ownership of the securities.  Therefore, I would presume that the Instinet 
 agreement should just be an addendum to existing documentation.  The 
 Posit/ITG agreement will have to be an entirely new agreement because the 
 ownership structure of ITG Europe is different than that of the States.  This 
 agreement, however, should reflect exactly the same sort of 
 structure/language as was used to negotiate the contract between ITG and ENA 
 and ECT Investments, Inc. 
 
 Please let me know your thoughts.
 
 Thanks and regards,
 John
 
 
    
  Inc.
 
 John:  Hi, there!  As you are aware of the structuring for tax purposes, 
 until the U.K. corporate agent is actuallly formed, there is nothing further 
 that I can do.  That formation should happen today or tomorrow.  With the 
 actual name and agreements with ENA and ECT Investments, Inc., I can provide 
 that information to Instinet and the other trading platforms you are 
 interested in transacting on.  Just FYI, the Instinet people are merely 
 waiting for the agent agreement in order to proceed. 
 
 Please let me know if you have any further questions.  Sara
 
 
 
