
 
 Sam:  Attached is the FINAL version of the CSFB futures agreement (by 
 separate email I will send you the DRAFT).  I've "eyeballed" it but please 
 verify that all changes were accepted.  I'll help with the application.  
 Let's have Gary sign in the early a.m. (or tonignt, if possible) because CSFB 
 cannot open the account this evening.  Also, per my vm, we need to ensure 
 that the traders on my email to you (from Ellen Su) appear on the authorized 
 traders' list.  Thanks. 
 
 ps:  I'm not going anywhere.  However, I have a 5 pm conference call on the 
 Alberta prepay.
 ----- Forwarded by Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT on 09/20/2000 03:46 PM -----
 

 	09/20/2000 03:33 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 
 
 [INFO] -- Content Manager:
 This message is for the named person's use only.  It may contain
 confidential, proprietary or legally privileged information.  No
 confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission.
 If you receive this message in error, please immediately delete it and
 all
 copies of it from your system, destroy any hard copies of it and notify
 the
 sender.  You must not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose,
 distribute,
 print, or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended
 recipient. CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and each of its subsidiaries each reserve
 the right to monitor all e-mail communications through its networks.
 Any
 views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
 except
 where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state
 them to be the views of any such entity.
 Unless otherwise stated, any pricing information given in this message
 is
 indicative only, is subject to change and does not constitute an offer
 to
 deal at any price quoted.
 Any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as
 preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation.
 
 
 
 
 
 As requested.? Thanks  again and I look forward to hearing from you shortly.
 ?
 
 
 Jacqueline  Didier 
 Legal and Compliance  Department 
 CREDIT | FIRST 
 SUISSE | BOSTON 
 Phone: 212-325-4129 
 Fax: 212-325-8220 
 
 
  - 003680726.DOC
  - Didier, Jacqueline.vcf