
 
 	Ronnie, I just got back from vacation and wanted to follow up on the discussion below.
 	Have you heard back from Jerry?  Do you need me to try calling Delaine again?  Thanks. Lynn
 
  
    Cc:	Stephens, LD; Sublette, Team; Miller, Dave W; Noyes, David; Blair, Lynn; Graham, Charlie; Kile, Rick
  
 Randy,
 
 I have spoken with several contacts at OneOk in the recent past. Just this morning I talked with a Jerry Knight who works together with Delaine Kurth and he is supposed to let me know how the billing, etc. is being handled by WEGO.
 Last week Lynn Blair talked with Delaine to see what could be done with the situation of WEGO hauling the so-called water (water is being marked as the substance being hauled on the run tickets, but we have done analysis from two lacations and have found it primarily condensate) from the locations at the Sublette Plant and the Morton Co. #1 dehys. If OneOk is not receiving the revenue from this condensate, then in turn ETS does not receive the BTU replacements for the gas for UAF purposes as our contract states.
 We have resolved the issue that was occuring in the same fashion at the Mt. Jesus station and are now being reimbursed by OneOk for this location's BTU replacements. I do not know if they changed trucking services or what, but it has been taken care of.
 As far as setting up a face to face meeting with OneOk, that will be determined from OneOk's response to their findings through WEGO and their practices in hauling from these two points.
 I will keep you updated as I am informed.
 
 RB
 
 
    
  	   		
 
 
   
  
 I am presently working with Ronnie Brickman regarding resolving this issue. Ronnie has been in contact with Oneok and is attempting to set up a face to face meeting with them. I have asked the Admin. Team to provide me all WEGO bills which have occured in 2001.  I will keep you posted as to the stauts of this effort. 
 
 RH 
 
 
    
  
 Mike, 
 
 FYI Randy Howard is looking into this as well as other liquids issues in the Region.
 
 Thanks for the alert and I am sure Randy will be asking for your help.
 
 LD
 
 
     
 It has come to light, by way of a Wego driver, that Enron has been billed for the liquids that were produced from Oneok facilities.  After further discussion it was discovered that the Hugoton plant as well as some field locations in the Liberal Region are also being billed to Enron instead of Oneok.  This problem may need to be investigated further and a plan to correct this implemented.  Let me know if I can be of further assistance.
 
 Respectfully,
 Mike Burnam
 Sublette Team
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>