
 
 I hope that there is no more confusion!
 
 The opening of each brokerage account should require two signatures for 
 control purposes.  ONE of those signature MUST BE either of Ted Murphy or 
 Rick Buy (their titles frequently change but check the Enron Corp. corporate 
 workbook).  The SECOND signature MUST BE an officer of the entity opening the 
 account.  We suggest the level of authority used by ENA but certainly 
 whatever appears in the entity's unanimous consent or resolution authorizing 
 the opening of brokerage accounts.  I think that Marie previously sent you a 
 form.  Let us know if you have any questions.  
 
 What is the timing on the Enron Brazil Power Holdings XII Ltd. account?
 
 Regards.  Sara
 
 
 
 

 10/08/99 11:48 AM


  
 I guess I meant Enron South America generally--Enron Brazil Power Holdings 
 XII Ltd. is one of its companies.  I think you answered my question on a 
 general basis--thanks very much.  Sorry if I confused you.
 
 Also, I need to know if anyone from ENA needs to be appointed in addition to 
 ESA people. 
 
 Robert:  Who at Enron South America should be appointed?
 
 Nancy
 
 
 



 
  
 Nancy,
 
 I am confused by your e-mail.  I thought the brokerage account was going to 
 be opened for Enron Brazil Power Holdings XII Ltd., not Enron South America.  
 We typically require any one of the President, any Managing Director or the 
 Vice President, Finance and Treasurer, together with any one of the Managing 
 Director, Legal, Rick Buy or Ted Murphy.  Of course, the level of officers 
 may vary from entity to entity. 
 
 Marie 
 
 
 

 10/07/99 03:35 PM
    
 Marie:  Who are the people you normally appoint to sign, etc., on brokerage 
 accounts?  Should Enron South America consider using the same people in order 
 set up this account?  We could then appoint Enron South America people 
 later.  Thanks.  Nancy
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Nancy Muchmore/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
 10/07/99 03:35 PM ---------------------------
 
 
 Robert H George
 10/07/99 03:16 PM
   
  
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Robert H George/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
 10/07/99 06:17 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 10/07/99 11:32 AM
   
  
 I spoke with Ted Murphy regarding setting up the brokerage account for the 
 Copel shares.  He indicated that the easiest thing to do is coordiante with 
 Sara Shackelton (ECT finance lawyer).  Typically, she sets up the paperwork 
 and Ted (or Rick) signs off on setting up the account (she has done this many 
 times).  Robert may have already done this or it may not be necessary in this 
 case - I will leave that up to him.  Regardless, Ted (or Rick) does need to 
 be one of the people who sign the documents.  Sorry for the delay.
 
 Patrick
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
