
 
 Call me when you're free and we can talk to Rolo..  I've looked at their 
 comments.  Sara
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 

  
 Rolo-
 
 Sara and I are going to go through the comments and then get back to you very 
 soon on the issues.  
 
 I understand that they don't want to sign the CSA, but I am not in the 
 position to eliminate this because Goldman Sachs did not make them sign one.  
 They are partially owned by Enron and Perez Companc and both of these 
 companies sign ISDAs that include CSAs.  
 
 Will follow up soon.
 
 Regards,
 
 Pat
 
 
 
 
 

 

  
 
 Pat / Sara,
 

 Support Annex (CSA)and he basically said that they have signed many ISDA's 
 (i.e.: with Goldman Sachs) and in none of those were they required to include 
 the CSA. I do not know if the CSA is a thing we do require for every 
 trasnsaction or not, but I see these guys unwilling to comply with the CSA. 
 
 Why don't we schedule a conference call ASAP to determine our next steps. 
 
 Rolo
 
 
 
   
  
 Rolo-
 
 We received the comments from TGS regarding our ISDA format.  They are making 
 substantial changes to the document so, I believe that we need to discuss 
 this and schedule a conference call with them as soon as possible.  Please 
 call me so, we can talk about setting this up.
 
 Regards,
 
 Pat
 
 
 
 

 
    
 FYI
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Rodolfo Freyre/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
 10/15/99 05:52 PM ---------------------------
 Rodolfo Freyre   10/14/99 10:44 AM
 





  
  
 
 Eduardo Pawlusek (TGS) just called me and we talked about the LPG Hedge. I 
 did not tell him anything about the "imbedded loan structure" we are thinking 
 of. 
 
 ISDA Document: He told me that his lawyer (Enrique Prini) is reviewing the 
 ISDA and will send us the comments on Monday. The problem is that the lawyer 
 is leaving on Monday for two weeks. I told him that he should have Chris 
 Dougall (who already knows our lawyers) take over while Enrique is out of 
 town. 
 Timing: TGS is looking for a swap starting November 1, 1999 until December 
 31, 2000 (14 months). The problem is that we have to get the ISDA signed 
 before we do any transaction, and given that their lawyer will be out, I am 
 not sure we will be able to sign it before end of this month.
 Volume: TGS sells 200,000 tons/yr of LPG. Approximately 30% of that 
 (60,000tons/yr) is what TGS commercialises. They are analysing two scenarios: 
 2,500 tons/month (35,000 tons/14months),
 1,800 tons/month (25,200 tons/14months). 
 Price: He wants us to send him the terms and conditions of a swap ASAP. He 
 wants price, settlements and index to be defined. He also said they will be 
 asking the banks to send them a quote. 
 
 With regards to the loan we need to evaluate the amount cash involved in the 
 swap. Then we can determine an appropriate loan amount. Jeff talked with 
 Brian Swinford about this structure.
 
 Rolo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
