
 
 I thought we had devised a format for any response.  I'm glad to meet with 
 you anytime.  Currently, I have severe laryngitis and I am unable to speak.  
 I will probably be limited on Friday as well.  We can manage if you come to 
 my office.  Let me know.  SS
 
 
 
 
 Lucy Ortiz
 10/20/99 11:22 AM
    
 
 Sara,
 
 I don't think that we ever got around to talking about how we should notify 
 Chase of this change.  Could we do that before I leave?  Hopefully sometime 
 this week.
 Does the ISDA cover publication changes?  Somehow I thought it did.  It does 
 doesn't it?  I just can't remember in which section.
 Many thanks,
 
 Lucy
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Lucy Ortiz/HOU/ECT on 10/20/99 11:20 AM 
 ---------------------------
 
 
 Laird Dyer
 09/23/99 05:46 PM
    
 Lucy,
 
 Effective September 1st, Natural Gas Intelligence changed the reporting of 
 the California Border and City-Gate 1st of month indices.  These indices were 
 formerly reported in a separate table.  That table has been eliminated and 
 these indices have been included within the general table.   These changes 
 are minor; however, we need to ensure that Chase knows of the change.  Can 
 you please handle this?  It affects Glendale, Pasadena and SMUD.
 
 The following are the new definitions:
 
 1.  Malin:  the "Bidweek Avg." price for California, Malin, published in 
 Natural Gas Intelligence, or successor publication, in the first issue 
 published on or about the first Monday of the delivery Month in the table 
 identified as "Spot Gas Prices".
 
 2. Kern River Station: the "Bidweek Avg" price for California, Kern River 
 Station, PG&E, published in Natural Gas Intelligence, or successor 
 publication, in the first issue published on or about the first Monday of the 
 delivery Month in the table identified as "Spot Gas Prices".
 
 3.  Topock: the "Bidweek Avg" price for California, Southern Cal. Border 
 Avg., published in Natural Gas Intelligence, or successor publication, in the 
 first issue published on or about the first Monday of the delivery Month in 
 the table identified as "Spot Gas Prices".
 
 4.  PG&E Citygate: the "Bidweek Avg" price for California, PG&E Citygate, 
 published in Natural Gas Intelligence, or successor publication, in the first 
 issue published on or about the first Monday of the delivery Month in the 
 table identified as "Spot Gas Prices". 
 
 Glendale and Pasadena are affected at Topock.  SMUD is affected at all four 
 points.
 
 Let me know if you need additional clarification or information.
 
 Thanks for your help.
 
 Laird
 
 
 
