
 
 Angela:
 
 Unless Mary has addressed already or a different plan is in place, can you 
 handle?  Sara
 ----- Forwarded by Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT on 01/03/2001 12:22 PM -----
 
 	Carol St Clair
 	01/03/2001 12:02 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Carol St. Clair
 EB 3892
 713-853-3989 (Phone)
 713-646-3393 (Fax)

 ----- Forwarded by Carol St Clair/HOU/ECT on 01/03/01 12:04 PM -----
 

 	01/03/01 11:42 AM
 		 















 		  		  
 
 
 
 Dear Danny 
 
 We have had extensive discussions with Rabo concerning deal mechanics, and 
 the relevant documentary issues.? Here is a summary of the salient points, 
 none of which should hopefully be problematic:
 
 1.????? Notwithstanding the structural logic, Rabo are not keen to purchase 
 Psyche (the feeling is that it would cause all kinds of internal problems, 
 and might disturb the credit process which to date is running smoothly).? As 
 such, we should revert to the original idea of payments to Psyche by Heracles 
 being irrevocably assigned to RBC, who will then assign them to? Rabo as a 
 part of our deal with them.? We note that as currently drafted, the payments 
 by Heracles to Psyche would still take place.? It would obviously be 
 preferable if Heracles could be directed to make payments directly to RBC.? 
 Alternatively, EAH would need to sign a direction on day one (as Member of 
 Psyche) that all payments received from Heracles should be paid to RBC.? We 
 understand that EAH would give a charge over the Member Interest of Psyche in 
 favour of RBC.
 
 2.????? The Sales Agency Agreement should lapse, as it currently allows. 
 
 3.????? In its place, either a version of the old clause 6.07 should be 
 reinserted into the Aeneas LLC agreement, or a new Sales Agency Agreement 
 would be struck with Rabo, in either event stipulating a mandatory sale of 
 the EOG shares (under Rule 144) in the event of either a failed auction, or a 
 valid auction with Rabo as winning bidder.? There would be no other trigger 
 events (ie no necessity for Enron to be downgraded). 
 
 4.????? Rabo will negotiate directly with ENA/Enron on the EOG market swap, 
 and ISDA. 
 
 5.????? Rabo and RBC will negotiate as between themselves on the TRS and 
 ISDA. 
 
 At present, we are all shooting for execution on Jan 15th.? 
 
 Kind regards 
 
 David Bermingham 
 
  











  
 Attached are first drafts of the following documents to be used in 
 connection with the insertion of an insurance company into the 
 transaction: (1) Assignment and Waiver Agreement, (2) Swap Confirmation 
 between the Agent and the Insurance Company (blacklined against the 
 current Cerberus Swap Confirmation) and (3) Instrument of Assignment 
 whereby Aeneas will assign the balance of its note to RBC (blacklined 
 against the Assignment executed on November 30, 2000). 
 ? 
 With regard to the Swap schedule to be entered into between the Agent 
 and the Insurance Company, it would be helpful to know whether RBC and 
 the Insurance Company have entered into any recent Swap transactions so 
 we can follow the general provisions. 
 ? 
 I believe that RBC was going to produce a draft Swap confirmation for 
 the Swap to be entered into between ENA and the Insurance Company, but 
 please could RBC confirm.? It also would be helpful to see an example of 
 a Swap schedule which may have been entered into between Enron and the 
 Insurance Company in a different transaction (if one exists). 
 ? 
 With regard to the Sales Agency Agreement, it would be our preference 
 still to have RBC as the party to the Sales Agency Agreement, but 
 agreeing to act at the direction of the Insurance Company in certain 
 circumstances. 
 ? 
 I will be in our Houston office for most of Thursday in Conference Room 
 42 Main at 713-220-4242, returning to Dallas Thursday evening when I 
 will be contactable at 214-659-4645. 
 ? 
 Danny Sullivan 
 
