
 
 Are the certificate(s) to be issued by BONY restricted or common?  (sounds 
 like restricted and to be issued in the name of PEP)  I think that we can 
 lodge the physical securities at MS (in the vault) for the account of 
 Enron....Holdings XII with a stock power from PEP.  Are we headed in the same 
 direction here?  SS
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT on 01/18/2000 
 12:21 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 01/18/2000 11:19 AM




  
 What you are suggesting after your discussion with Sara is what I am 
 suggesting.  The parent has the account; it holds the securities on behalf of 
 its Brazil sub.  I would very much like to remove SPE from the chain quickly 
 if possible so that if there is a CPMF assessed on the in-kind capital 
 reduction, we don't have to pay it twice.  I think that would also simplify 
 Robert's legal request.  Any objections?
 
 Regards,  Bruce
 
 
 
 Lynn Aven
 01/18/2000 10:31 AM



 
  
 The ADR's will be legally owned by PEP until we make a decision to move them 
 out and go through the process of having a capital reduction to move the 
 shares out of PEP.  Per discussions with Sara, we need to ascertain whether 
 MS will hold the ADR's in a security account in the name of the Enron  Brazil 
 Power Holding XII on behalf of PEP. 
 
 I just looked at the legal ownership of PEP and noted that there is another 
 Brazilian limitada, SPE between Enron Brazil Power Holdings XII and PEP.  I 
 assume that we will have filings for two capital reductions, one for PEP and 
 one for SPE unless SPE was removed from the ownership chain and that 
 transaction has not been reflected in the Corporate Secretary data base.  SPE 
 was placed in the chain of owenrship for the Comgas bid and I am not sure 
 whether it got removed when we recycled the entity.
 
 Lynn
 
 
 
 
 
 Bruce Harris
 01/18/2000 05:05 AM



 
  
 If MS can do it thats great.  Is there any problem per MS with the parent 
 CayCo receiving the ADRs and holding them in its sub-account on behalf of 
 PEP?  Perhaps Sara could inquire.  These are physical certifciates (if issued 
 as restricted) so I don't know if the MS account is set up for physical 
 custody or whether we need to prepare some additional documentation.
 
 Regards,  Bruce
 
 
    
 	Enron International
 	
 	 	
 



  
  
 BONY has asked us to send them a letter instructing them to issue the ADR(s) 
 and specifying where and to whom to deliver the certificates.  I will prepare 
 the instruction letter, but I am assuming that we want someone at Morgan 
 Stanley to take actual possession of the certificates.  In any event, I need 
 someone to tell me where the certificates should land and give me a physical 
 address for  the certificates.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
