
 
 Carol:  I'm glad you've identified these specific line items.  I think credit 
 should have a "separate worksheet" and make a determination for each question 
 you've listed.  For exampe, I think the GP should be a Specified Entity.  One 
 issue I've experienced with credit is the existence of several LPs in a given 
 structure, only one of which owns any operating assets, and there are no 
 financials for that LP, but only financials on a consolidated basis at a 
 different level.  How does credit identify the counterparty, much less 
 determine if that counterparty is an ESP?
 
 I also wonder how many partnerships we have agreements with which may be 
 inadequate.  And, when credit approves omnibus Transactions with a 
 partnership, is it making a sufficient analysis?  A separate list would help 
 in the evaluation.
 
 Are we going to have another credit lunch?  Hope all is going well.  Sara   
 
 
 
 
 Carol St Clair
 02/28/2000 12:11 PM


  
 Although we didn't get to discuss this at our credit luncheon, particularly 
 we some of the less-experienced credit folks, when we receive a worksheet 
 from them where the counterparty is a limited partnership, it may be 
 advisable to ask them the following questions:
 
 1. Should the GP be designated as a Specified Entity?  The alternative may be 
 to require the GP to sign a Guaranty and then they would become a credit 
 support provider.  By making the GP a Specified Entity, they get picked up in 
 the cross default, bankruptcy and credit event upon merger provisions.
 
 2. Should there be an additional termination event or event of default that 
 gets triggered if the GP fails to be the GP of the limited partnership?
 
 3. Whose financials are they expecting to receive, the GP's or the LP's?
 
 4. If there are financial tests, who do they pertain to, the GP or the LP?
 
 5. How does the LP qualify as an ESP?  Particularly with some of the less 
 experienced credit folks who have not had to deal with this issue on the 
 physical side, maybe this question should always be asked for every 
 counterparty just to be safe.
 
 Let me know what you think.
 
 Carol 
 
