
 
 	Martha, I would rather give the teams access to the Dashboard.  John Buchanan will be back
 	in the office Wednesday.  You can coordinate with him and Terry Kowalke to get everyone
 	set up.  Thanks. Lynn
 
  
    Cc:	Barker, Courtney; Mason, Robert
  
 Lynn - Below is a list of people that Courtney Barker(in Marketing) sends a couple of reports on daily index prices to every month.   Courtney is now posting these reports on the Marketing Dashboard.   Would you like to give your employees below access to the Dashboard or does Courtney need to continue sending the reports via E:Mail?    Please advise us and we will be glad to follow through.   Thanks so much!  Martha
 
  
     
 Yes, I am referring to the people in Market Services, here is a list of who I am sending it to:
 Jean Adams
 Robert Benningfield
 Sherry Forbish
 Chris Greaney
 Scott Hibbard
 Randy Janzen
 Terry Kowalke
 Joe Linhart
 Janet McDaniel
 Debra Scurlock
 Kathy Sturr
 Harry Woodson
 
 They all appear to be some form of Market Service Reps.
 Just let me know!
 Thanks,
 Courtney
 
  
    Cc:	Brennan, Lorna; McCary, Sandy; Mason, Robert
  
 Courtney - Clarification on .... (They have indicated to me that they do not have access to the dashboard.  Do we need to get them access to the dashboard or should I continue e-mailing them the report at the end of each month?)      Are you referring to people in Market Services and if so, what level are they?  Martha
 
 
  
    Cc:	Brennan, Lorna; McCary, Sandy; Mason, Robert
  
 Martha,
 As you know, Sandy McCary assisted me in getting my daily spot file report and MIP reports posted to the Marketing Dashboard.  At the end of the month, I send the MIP files to about 12 people in Marketing Services. I am no longer e-mailing the report to people in Marketing, since most are using the dashboard.
 They have indicated to me that they do not have access to the dashboard.  Do we need to get them access to the dashboard or should I continue e-mailing them the report at the end of each month?
 Thanks,
 Courtney Barker
 (402) 398-7130
 
