
 
 FYI - Cassandra Schultz is in RAC (not "Shorter")
 
 
    Cc: Heard, Marie; Shackleton, Sara; Pizzolato, Paul; Kinneman, Jeff;
 Seyfried, Bryan; Wall, David; Carson, Rick L.
  
 
 Unfortunately CSFB claims to be unable to locate the ENA document.  If we can use our copy they will accept our changes to the ECI document.  We should send both the ENA and the ECI docs so they can compare quickly and avoid additional delays.
 
 
    Cc: Heard, Marie; Shackleton, Sara; Pizzolato, Paul; Kinneman, Jeff;
 Seyfried, Bryan; Wall, David; Carson, Rick L.
  
 
 This account should be opened asap.  Tom, I assume as per our conversation, that you have obtained the account documentation required and it matches the agreements that have been previously signed, only changing the name of the entity and tax ID number.  All accounts that are used for trading by the debt traders should be changed to Enron Credit Inc.  If I can provide any assistance, please advise.  Donna Lowry, RAC Compliance
 
 
    Cc: Heard, Marie; Shackleton, Sara; Pizzolato, Paul; Kinneman, Jeff;
 Seyfried, Bryan; Wall, David
  Importance: High
 
 
 Please also approve the account below.  This is top urgent
 
 
    Cc: Heard, Marie
  
 
 Please forward your email to the RAC group requesting the opening of this account.  Thanks.  Sara
 
 
     
 
 This is the primebroker agreement that we need to fill out for CSFB.  They are holding two trades hostage so this is a priority for us.  Please let me know if you require any further information.
 
 Tom
 
 
     
 
 
 
 >  
 >  >  >  >  > 
 >  <<primebrokerage.pdf>> 
 
 This message is for the named person's use only.  It may contain 
 confidential, proprietary or legally privileged information.  No 
 confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission.
 If you receive this message in error, please immediately delete it and all
 copies of it from your system, destroy any hard copies of it and notify the
 sender.  You must not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose, distribute, 
 print, or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended 
 recipient. CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and each of its subsidiaries each reserve
 the right to monitor all e-mail communications through its networks.  Any
 views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, except
 where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state 
 them to be the views of any such entity.
 Unless otherwise stated, any pricing information given in this message is 
 indicative only, is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to 
 deal at any price quoted.
 Any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as 
 preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation.
 
