
 
 Sheila:  I've contacted Rick Farina.  Sara
 
 
     Importance: High
 
 
 Sara and Tanya,
 Rick Farina, 312-441-4420, called this morning and left a voice mail.  He requested that I call him back because he wanted to clarify their stance.  
 
 It is probably more for one of you to speak to him rather than myself.
 
 Please advise if one of you will give him a call this afternoon.
 Thanks. Sheila
 
 
     
 
 Sheila,
 Do you know who in London works on futures/brokerage agreements?  I'm trying to find out if ECTRIC has an agreement with Carr.
 
 
 
 
     
 
 Stephanie:
 
 Scroll all the way down to Sheila's original message for contact person and the two Enron companies being guaranteed.  You will need to verify with London that ECTRIC has a futures agreement with Carr (maybe you can get a copy of it for our records).  Can you prepare a draft guaranty and ask Tanya for a cap.  Thanks.  Sara
 
 
     
 
 Pls see me original e-mail below.
 sg
 
 
     
 
 I assume the parties are  ENA and ECTRIC with Carr Futures, Inc. I do not have any information about this though nor do I have a contact.  Sheila can you provide this information to Sara?
 
 
    Cc: Panus, Stephanie
  
 
 Tanya:  Just let us know the parties and guaranty cap.  I am not familiary with any Carr arrangements other than the ENA futures agreement.  Also, do you have a contact at Carr?
 
 Thanks.  Sara
 
 
     
 
 No objections
 
 
     Importance: High
 
 
 Are there any objections to issuing the gty? We just did the same thing last week for FIMAT Issuing seems the simplest rather than having to stop trading, although traditionally we have not issued corp gtys.  Please advise.
 
 Tanya
 
 
    Cc: Su, Ellen
  Importance: High
 
 
 Tanya,
 I received a call from Carr Futures this morning.  Their parent, Cr?dit Agricole Indosuez, is requesting a parent guanantee to continue trading with Enron North America Corp. and Enron Capital and Trade Resources International.
 
 I spoke with Gary this morning and he said that we could stop trading with them.  I said that others do trade with Carr.  He suggested then that the energy guys can proceed if they wish to continue trading with Carr.
 
 Rick Farina, 312-441-4420, called me with Larry Anderson and Patty Chambers.
 
 How do you want to proceed?
 
 Sheila