
 
 Our analysts were covered during the summer, weren't they?  Why not use 
 whomever was used then.  I thought you were going to change the A/A review 
 process from mid year, since that was a disaster by most accounts.
 
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
    
 Still have not heard from you regarding PRC Rep candidates.  Please advise.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Jana Giovannini/HOU/ECT on 10/16/2000 
 04:04 PM ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 


  
 Do you know to whom you submitted your PRC Reps?  I don't believe that any 
 one in the Associate and Analyst Program has received that information.  We 
 will be using the same format as mid-year and we are looking for 1 Director 
 for the Analyst PRC and 1 VP for the Associate PRC from your EGM groups.  
 Each would represent approximately 15 individuals.  Do you think you could 
 forward me a copy of your submitted list so we can move forward?  I would 
 greatly appreciate it. 
 
 Just to let you know, I did forward an email to Shanna Funkhouser and Brent 
 Price (on Oct. 3rd and 4th) to make sure that all Analysts and Associates in 
 an EGM group go through a pre-rate meeting prior to the final A/A PRC which 
 has been scheduled for December 12th and 13th.  We must have the pre-ratings 
 loaded into the PEP system prior to these dates and hope they can be final by 
 November 30th.  These results are imperative to a successful 
 cross-calibration in the final PRC meeting.  We already have dates set for 
 the EES and ESA meetings.  I will be glad to attend the Associate and Analyst 
 piece of EGM's PRC meetings to assist in facilitation.  Please advise when 
 the EGM pre-rating meeting is scheduled.  Thank you for your cooperation.
 
 
 
 
    
 We had submitted a list of PRC reps already.  Who is currentlyreviewing, and 
 are you using the same format as midyear, and how many people do you need? 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
    
 Jeff,
 I am following up on the voicemail I left you on Thursday October 5th, 
 requesting a recommendation for a Director and Vice President to represent 
 Analyst and Associates in the final 2000 PRC.  Due to promotions and 
 additions to the Associate and Analyst Programs, we have an additional slot 
 for both the Associate PRC and Analyst PRC that we would like to fill with an 
 EGM participant.  This will keep the distribution throughout the business 
 units equitable.  
 
 We would like to finalize this by Friday, October 13th in order to load the 
 PEP system and communicate to the A/A pool members.  Please forward your 
 choice for Global Markets representation to me by this date or contact me to 
 discuss.  Thanks so much for your continued support.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
