
 
 great summary.  could you delete any mention of our positions in the future?  
 Thanks.  Jeff
 
 
 
 	Jez Peters
 	01/29/2001 09:03 AM
 		 














 		  		  
 SUMMARY
 
 Atlantic
 
 Over the last week we have really seen the consequences of the wet and warm 
 winter in Europe with a total of some 1.7 million
 tonnes being offered to us on the resell for delivery over the next couple of 
 months. As a consequence spot/Q2 prices are now
 trading at $2 discount to replacement from South Africa ($40.75 FOB ARA 
 versus $42.75 replacement) - a concept which many are
 struggling to get their head round. The Lion's share of the resell mkt is 
 South African which makes sense as the strong U.S. mkt has 
 taken what little slack there has been in the South American pipeline. In 
 truth, while the U.S. mkt has been steaming, only very limited 
 incremental tonnage from SAM has made it into the U.S. as the Utilities only 
 pay up for spot spot material. If the steep backwardisation
 in the U.S. rolls forward there may remain opportunities to bury spot SAM 
 cargoes at high levels but one thing is for sure is that the
 strong U.S domestic market will keep U.S. exports into Europe very low. 
 
 Pacific
 
 Very few Australian cargoes have found their way to the fair shores of Europe 
 over the last few months and this has been a function of 
 the strong Pacific market at the back end of 2000 and indeed in part due to 
 the consolidation which has been going on, the latest 
 development to be Rio Tinto's acquirement of Peabody's asset's in Oz. We are 
 currently entering the period of negotiations between Oz 
 producers and the JSM's for pricing of their long-term contracts. It is not a 
 secret that the producer's plan to go for broke and are looking to 
 lock in prices above $30 FOB Newcastle - currently wud call the mkt $28.50. 
 JSM's are apparently holding tight citing world economic 
 slowdown.  At $28 the oz producer is making some $13 a tonne, the chinese are 
 due to export a further 6 million mt this year and steel 
 production is forecast to be down some 10% year on year - while we may see 
 some activity at higher prices in the short-term I think it 
 will be difficult for the producers to realise the numbers which they are 
 talking longer term. China is also talking prices of $30 which is
 $3/4 higher than last year but have some $3 frt advantage versus Newcastle.
 
 Gameplan
 
 We are currently a total of 2.4 million mt short ARA (1 million API2 / 1.4 
 million SECA) with the bulk being in back end of this year. We will
 continue to sell the front end aggressively in the belief that the mkt has 
 some further downside from where we are today - the mkt has merely 
 sold off on rumour thus far but when these cargoes actually start arriving 
 unsold into Europe there shud be some additional pressure on prices
 if the stock situation does not improve in ARA - currently a 13 day lineup in 
 Rotterdam. There are reports of Siberian type weather heading our
 way which cud increase burn temporarily but I donot think this will have a 
 significant impact. We are busy looking for any opportunity to sell
 out of our South African long as Glencore tries to prop the mkt up and will 
 then look to buy back our physical shorts into Europe from the
 Armada of coal which is due to arrive. Psychology shud create downward 
 pressure along the whole forward curve and we will be looking to 
 buy in some our deferred short sub $30 RBCT equivalent. Meanwhile we are 
 working to sell 3-5 year agreements with several utilities while
 the mkt loiters in the higher regions of the historical range. We are also 
 talking with several producers about securing longer term contracts 
 which will give us a good supply base to work from going forward. In the 
 Pacific we will look for an opportunity to cover our CLP short on the 
 nearby but will look to the fundamentals to do their work bfor covering 
 anything further forward.
 
 Rgds
 Jez
 
