
 
 Thanks for keeping Mike and I informed as well.  This is a huge project for 
 us, potentially.
 
 Regards
 
 Jeff
 
 
 
 
 Robert Johnston
 01/10/2001 05:16 PM


  
 Randy- Emilio and I had a vigorous debate today over the content and 
 conclusions of the CABC Group's analysis of the questions you asked about the 
 political and regulatory situation in Venezuela.  He expressed a number of 
 areas of concern, some pertaining to the tone of the paper and others to its 
 accuracy.
 
 I acknowledged his concerns and promised to do my best to improve the tone 
 and clarify any inaccuracies.  We will revisit with our sources to clarify 
 the following issues:
 
 1. Will the new Hydrocarbons Law just address liquid hydrocarbons or will it 
 address gas hydrocarbons?  What details are available on the proposed law?
 2. If the new law does affect gas, will it in effect overturn the 1999 Gas 
 Law?
 3.  Will gas tariffs be separate for transportation, distribution, and 
 upstream, or will there be a single unified tariff?  Is there a dispute 
 between PDVSA and the  Ministry of Mines and Energy on how this should be 
 handled?
 4. What is the current royalty and tax structure on gas?  Will it be affected 
 by the new HydroCarbons Law?
 5. What are the current renegotiation dynamics of the Cristobal Colon project 
 between the government and foreign operators?
 
 Once we have revisited with sources, I told Emilio that we will be happy to 
 correct any subsequent errors.  However, if we reconfirm the information in 
 the paper then perhaps the three of us can confer on how to proceed.
 
 This has been a difficult assignment because we are essentially dealing with 
 areas that are subject to interpretation and forecasting.  Emilio and I 
 disagreed in some areas about the Chavez agenda, while agreeing in others.  
 Also, because the HydroCarbons Law has not yet been written, we can only go 
 on what sources in country are saying.  Clearly, we have conflicting 
 information and will work to clear up the contradictions ASAP.
 
 I suggest we postpone our Thursday meeting until both Emilio and I have time 
 to conduct further follow-ups.  As I have said to both you and Emilio, the 
 CABC role here is not to take any position on the merits of the deal, but 
 rather to answer the specific concerns brought up by RAC.  Hopefully, these 
 next steps will resolve the situation in mutually satisfying manner.
 
 RJ
 
 
 
 
