
 
 I met with Carlo (as did several other Enron employees) last week and we are 
 talking to them about a number of ideas.  One of which is detailed below 
 (from them) and has technology and paper/lubmer points.  I believe Carlo from 
 Dow will be calling you guys shortly.  Take a look at the attachment and 
 you'll understand the points he's making that are relevant to your 
 businesses.  
 
 Jeff
 ----- Forwarded by Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT on 02/21/2001 11:21 AM -----
 

 	02/20/2001 03:53 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 Jeff, thanks for agreeing to make the introduction with Philip and Ray. I
 have attached below a summary of Buildscape(Driving to Liquidity) as well a
 high level PowerPoint presentation on Buildscape.
 
 As you are aware, we have had introductory meetings with Rob Scheuer from
 the Industrial markets, Brandon Wax, John Pavetto and Rahil Jafry. There is
 interest in Buildscape from the group and Rahil has offered a sweat equity
 option. Rob advised that he would come back to us in the shortly on his
 thoughts around a strategic relationship.
 
 We see the possibility of a broader strategic opportunity combining
 technology functionality from the Networks Division, risk and credit
 management tools available through your market making initiatives, as well
 using the Buildscape providing an efficient channel to market for Enron
 products and services in the Building industry and the home. In order for
 this opportunity to receive senior management attention and to talk through
 the possibilities, we will contact Philip Bibi and Ray Bowen shortly as per
 your recommendation.
 
 Could you confirm back that you have passed on the information so that we
 don't surprise either of them on the topic and we will aim to arrange a
 meeting with them in Houston in the next couple of weeks. We may call on
 your help to sponsor the meeting if required.
 
 In the meantime, we will press on with confirming the Dow/Enron April 27th
 meeting in midland to pursue Chemicals and Plastics opportunities and we
 would be very pleased if Mark Fievert can attend as well. If we need to move
 the date slightly to accommodate Mark, then lets talk through the options.
 Thanks.
 
    <<Driving to Liquidity -- 01-24-01.doc>>  <<BuildscapeEnron.ppt>>
 
 Best Regards,
 
 Carlo
 Carlo Guarino
 Global Development Director
 Dow Growth Center
 
 Office  (517) 636-0860 / Mobile (313)655-7553
 Fax      (517) 636-1453

 
 
  - Driving to Liquidity -- 01-24-01.doc
  - BuildscapeEnron.ppt