
 
 Of course I want to get together next (this?) weekend.  In fact, the house 
 should be almost done, and I'd love to show it to you, too.  I'm pretty open 
 also, but am doing super saturday again, and am not sure what my deal is 
 friday evening (if anything, and will know by tomorrow).  
 
 Last night on A&E was a special about Palm Beach, and the good life, charity 
 balls, social scene, etc.  So I had a Palm Beach Party--bought caviar, fruit 
 tarts, champagne and sat around watching the show.  I made everyone wear 
 Lacoste shirts, loafters (no socks) and not put down their glass full of 
 champagne (as much as possible!)  Fun, casual, and last minute.  For not 
 being in your biz, I liked the idea and we had fun.   
 
 Went to my first exec committee meeting.  Pretty interesting.  But can't wait 
 to hear about your parties for Vicki and Dan....
 
 
 
 
 
 

 11/13/2000 09:21 AM
    
 I hope that Super Saturday went well.  Are you kidding....I am most excited 
 for your parties!  We will think of some really different things to do.  I am 
 really open next weekend so let me know if you want to get together.  We can 
 do something fun to let you blow off steam from the Managment Conference.  
 
 
    
 Super Saturday is super early---7:15 sat. morn. and I'm at my desk.   Sounds 
 like all your events will be fun.  I'm counting on your helping me with my 
 parties, too!
 Sounds like this week is busy, but I'm around next weekend.  We'll figure it 
 out this week.  No message yesterday, so I rescheduled it for late afternoon 
 today, can wait.  
 
 Later--Jeff
 
 
 

 11/10/2000 01:20 PM
    
 this was the wierdest book I have ever read.  It was called The Story of O, 
 and it about this sex cult in Paris and it totally freaked me out.  I am glad 
 that it is over.  I started another one last night that is a little bit 
 lighter.  Three generations of Jewish women in the south kind of thing.  tell 
 me if yours is good.  I haven't read it.  I am going to the chronicle book 
 dinner on sunday and I am totally psyched.  if you want me to get any of the 
 books signed for you let me know.  Ted Coppel will be there with his new 
 book.  I am running out so leave me a message if you want it.  Have a great 
 weekend!  I am bummed you can't make next thursday, so we will have to plan 
 something fun soon.
 ALI
 
 
    
 Everything was ok, just busy.  Good book?  I just started "When the sons of 
 heaven meet the daughters of earth"  have you heard of it?  I'd absolutely 
 love to go the the Anne Frank thing, but I can't get back from the management 
 conference.  I'm on a panel (with Jeremy) early Friday a.m.  
 
 
 
 

 11/10/2000 08:16 AM
    
 they must make you sign a confidentiality agreement when you walk in the 
 door!  well, I guess I have no choice but to believe you, even though some 
 juicy details would be kind of fun!  
 Her piano was so bad they had to do it twice.  At least I got to finish a 
 book.  
 
 
    
 piano tuning?  nothing bad about last night--very tame.
 
 
 

 11/09/2000 12:01 PM
    
 ok...so I do want the low-down on last night b/c I am sure there is a lot 
 that is inappropriate for email!  I will be out of the office all afternoon 
 so if you want to talk I'll be on my cell phone 256-5582.
 Big....small....it is still the Enron Executive Committee and you should feel 
 extremely proud.  I am so happy for you!
 I hope that you have a great lunch and that your speech went will this 
 morning.
 
 ali
 
 
    
 Great!  Sorry YOU weren't there...
 I'm on my way out  for a lunch.  I'll call you later.   (I'm excited about 
 the exec committee, but it is a little big, so I told Skilling we should 
 rename it the exec villiage!)
 
 
 

 11/09/2000 11:06 AM
    
 how was the dinner?  I heard that there are PLENTY of girls there!  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
