
 
 If you'd like to get me the resumes today, I'll take a look, and pick a few 
 out.  This way we won't need to change the meeting time.  Michelle was my 
 first choice to lead the effort.  OK about Suzanne.  
 
 I'm serious about keeping a highly visible presence on campus, and am willing 
 to spend some money, strategically.  Keep me updated.
 
 Jeff
 
 
 
 

 10/05/2000 08:41 AM
    
 Would you like to change the meeting to Tuesday October 10th?  The meeting 
 would have to take place at 9am because I have a flight out of town at noon.  
 Just let me know what you would like to do.
 
 On another note, I wanted to let you know I am removing Suzanne Farrow from 
 the team this season.  This decision has come after her incessant quibbling 
 with me about pettily details.  I have better things to do with my day than 
 to banter back in forth with Suzanne, as I am sure you do as well.  Suzanne 
 has been a problem with her continual emails from day one.  I feel we as a 
 Wharton team have the recruiting season under control.  Also, Michelle 
 Nezi-Marvin has agreed to be the Wharton team lead and has been very helpful 
 with details and arrangements over the last couple of weeks.   Thank you.
 
 Kristin 
 
 
 

 10/04/2000 05:55 PM
   
  
 I will be out of the office oct 9.
 
 Jeff
 
 
 

 10/04/2000 03:56 PM


















   
 Hello Wharton/Penn Team!
 
 
 Can you believe interviews are just around the corner.  
 
 
 
 So that we are fully prepared for the November 9th and 10th interviews dates 
 a team meeting will be held on:
 
 Monday October 9th at 2:00pm in room 11C2
 
 In the meeting we will review resumes that have been received for our 
 pre-select list and coordinate any further campus events. Also, in the 
 meeting we will select the people who will conduct first and second round 
 interviews.  So if you would like to interview please plan on attending this 
 meeting.   I look forward to seeing you all there.
 
 Thank You,
 
 Kristin Gandy
 Associate Recruiter
 Associate/Analyst Program
 713-345-3214
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
