
 
 Chris, can you attend this?
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT on 06/21/2000 
 10:18 AM ---------------------------
 

 
 06/21/2000 09:41 AM









   
 I  spoke with some of you concerning the Market Knowledge Management (MKM) 
 project.  At this time, we would like to demonstrate the MKM pilot  to you.
 
 To refresh your minds, MKM is a one-stop shopping for market data and 
 associated activities.  The project is done in collaboration between two 
 groups in Houston and one in London.  In November/December 1999 some of you 
 took part in user forums to discuss the feasibility of a one-stop shop for 
 market data
 
 Background:
 The intention is that all existing systems (i.e. various databases and 
 services) will be linked through a common infrastructure that will allow all 
 these systems to provide the services they have always provided plus a set of 
 standard services, such as:
 Security
 Data Validation
 Notification
 Auditing, and 
 Calculation.
 
 In addition, it will allow client applications to ask MKM for the data and 
 services they need instead of going to individual systems.  The point here is 
 that the user (or application) 
 will not need to know where the data resides, and
 will have a uniform level of services across all systems
 
 Demonstration:
 A pilot was developed to prove the underlying technology and to provide users 
 a simple demonstration of the product to derive exact user requirements.
 
 The demo will include the following components:
 
 Browser: provides a user interface for publishing and retrieving a limited 
 selection of price and volume data for gas and power busines units;
 Time Series Index: stores time series metadata;
 Message Station: an inbox which holds inbound time series data;
 TIBCO messaging backbone: underpins MKM and is transparent to the user;
 and Connectivity to two market data servers:- LIM (Houston) and PR1P(London).
 
 The remaining components will be delivered in following phases.
 
 I would like to take this opportunity to invite you to demo of the product.  
 I would like to schedule the demonstration for Friday, June 23 at 1:00.  
 Could you also RSVP me.  I am also attaching a document which will give you 
 more information of the MKM project.    If you cannot meet me on the 
 suggested date, I can you a demo of MKM at your desk at your convenience.  If 
 you would like to go through the browser, the web address is 
 http://test-mkmtimeseriesindex.enron.co.uk/default.asp?canregister=true.  Use 
 your network id and password to gain access to the web site.  If you have any 
 questions please call me at 35733.
 
 
 Thank you in advance,
 Thomas
 
 
 
 
