
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT on 08/17/2000 
 02:22 PM ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
    
 Thought you might be interested in this (if you didn't know about it already)
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Colleen Sullivan/HOU/ECT on 08/17/2000 
 09:38 AM ---------------------------
 
 

 08/17/2000 05:24:44 AM


    
 
 xxxxxx  xxxxxx      xx       xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
 xx        xx       x  x      xxx   U.S. Department of Energy    xx
 xxxx      xx      xxxxxx     x Energy Information Administration x
 xx        xx     xx    xx    xx To unsubscribe see the message xxx
 xxxxxx  xxxxxx  xx      xx   xxxxxxxxxxxxx footnote xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
 EIA, the Nation's source for energy statistics. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
 Questions?  Contact our National Energy Information Center at xxxxx

 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
 
 (NOTE: To best view this document, your email software should
 be set to view the item in an 80 character format, using a
 "non-proportional" font, e.g. courier)
 Energy InfoDisc Release
 
 The Energy Information Administration (EIA) has released
 its latest quarterly CD-ROM, Energy InfoDisc, which is now
 a two (2) disc product. Energy InfoDisc is a comprehensive,
 high-tech product that is easy to use, yet robust enough
 for serious number crunching and analysis.  It provides
 fast, easy, and inexpensive access to:
 
 - Historical time series for production, consumption,
 prices, and resource availability of conventional and
 alternate energy resources
 
 - Analyses of economic and technical topics
 
 - Projections of future energy supply, demand, and prices
 database applications that allow users to generate their
 own individualized energy databases
 
 On disc 1, users may view and search more than 400 data,
 analysis, and forecasting reports and directories
 published by EIA over the previous 12 months, including
 the Monthly Energy Review, Short-Term Energy Outlook,
 International Energy Outlook, and Country Analysis Briefs.
 On disc 2, users may access EIA's extensive energy
 database applications to generate their own individualized
 energy databases.  Among the EIA database applications
 contained on the Energy InfoDisc:
 
 Annual Energy Outlook 2000
 Electricity Databases
 Oil and Gas Information System
 Short-Term Energy Model
 State Energy Data
 U.S. Emissions of Greenhouse Gases
 World Energy Database
 
 Each new quarterly issue highlights new products and any
 changes or enhancements to the CD. Energy InfoDisc contains
 information on special industry topics such as the
 restructuring of the electric power industry and greenhouse
 gases and global warming.  Publications are displayed in
 Portable Document Format (PDF). Most of the energy database
 applications are written in Microsoft Access. The Microsoft
 Access run-time engines required for these applications are
 included.
 
 Energy InfoDisc is issued quarterly. STAT-USA, a U.S.
 Department of Commerce information service for business,
 economic, and trade professionals, distributes EnergyInfoDisc,
 through a cooperative agreement with EIA.  Orders can be
 placed over STAT-USA's toll free order number: 1-800-STAT-USA
 or by calling (202) 482-1986.  Energy InfoDisc can also be
 purchased through the National Technical Information Service
 (NTIS). NTIS is the federal government's central source for
 the sale of scientific, technical, engineering, and related
 business information produced by or for the U.S. government
 and complementary material from international sources.  To
 place an order by phone, call 1-800-553-NTIS (6847) or
 (703) 605-6000.  To find out more about Energy InfoDisc and
 its contents, contact:
 
 The National Energy Information Center
 Energy Information Administration
 U.S. Department of Energy
 Washington, DC 20585
 Phone: 202-586-8800

 
 
 
 


 Please do not use the reply button.
 
 
