
 
 Carol St. Clair
 EB 3889
 713-853-3989 (Phone)
 713-646-3393 (Fax)

 
 
 

 	06/07/2001 11:04 AM
 		 




















 		  		  
 Current Notes User: 
 
 To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, 
 it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of 
 migration.  Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following 
 survey. Double Click on document to put it in "Edit" mode. When you finish, 
 simply click on the 'Reply With History' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey 
 will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox.
 
 Thank you.
 
 Outlook 2000 Migration Team
 
 
 
 
 Full Name:       Carol L. St. Clair
 
 Login ID: cstclai    
 
 Extension:  33989
 
 Office Location:  3889
 
 What type of computer do you have?  (Desktop,  Laptop,  Both)  Desktop
 
 Do you have a PDA?  If yes, what type do you have:   (None, IPAQ, Palm Pilot, 
 Jornada)  No
 
 Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar?  No
     If yes, who?  
 
 Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar?  
     If yes, who?  Yes.  Suzanne Adams, all Legal Temps, Carolyn George, 
 Brenda Whitehead
 
 Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  
     If yes, who?  No  
 
 Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  
     If yes, who?  No
 
 Do you have access to a shared calendar?  
     If yes, which shared calendar?  No
 
 Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for 
 mass mailings)?  
     If yes, please list here:  Swap Group
 
 Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  What is 
 a Notes Database Application?
 
 In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will 
 need to know:
 
 What are your normal work hours?   
 Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation, leave, etc?
        If so, when?     I am not in the office on Mondays   From (MM/DD/YY):  
     To (MM/DD/YY):      
 
 
