
 
 ????
 
 
     Importance: High
 
 
 Our EES folks want to know if anyone within Enron was involved in Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania Tariff changes.
 Please let me know what should I answer.
 Thanks
 Guillermo
 
 
 
     Importance: High
 
 
 Can you determine if anyone within Enron was involved in these proceedings? This tariff change could be significant and this is the first we've hard of it.
 Please let me know.
 BV
 3-3317
 
 
 
    Cc: Greif, Donna; Tate, Paul; Vanderhorst, Barry; Wiltfong, Jim;
 Sullivan, Colleen; Superty, Robert; Black, Don; Bray, Hayden
  Importance: High
 
 
 Janine:  Was anyone in regulatory involved with this?  We found out this was coming last week at the CPA Shipper meeting.  This is going to cause a curve shift which could have been minimized had we known it was coming.  Thanks!  mde
 
 
    Cc: Driscoll-Ernest, Marde L.; Vanderhorst, Barry
  
 
 Josh,
 
 Please make sure you are on Shirley's mailing list, I didn't see your name listed.
 
 Thanks
 
 










  
 
 The following notice was posted on the Nominations Electronic Bulletin
 Board today:
 
 
 On October 12, 2001 the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved
 Columbia's tariff filing to become effective on October 22, 2001, subject
 to an Administrative Law Judge Recommendation.  This tariff filing includes
 several changes that may be important to suppliers, such as changes in
 Columbia's banking and balancing service, introduction of a new Flow Order
 Management Service, and a new Imbalance Trading Service.
 
 The full text of Columbia's original tariff proposals, as filed with the PA
 Public Utility Commission on August 22, 2001, can be accessed at the
 following site:
 
                                      h
 ttp://www.columbiagaspamd.com/products_services/tariff_revisions_effective_oct.htm
 
 Shippers serving aggregation pools on the Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania,
 Inc. system should carefully review Columbia's new Elective Balancing
 Service (proposed tariff pages 164 - 169) and choose one of the three
 balancing service options for each aggregation pool.  Also, suppliers who
 have been designated as an authorized agent for non-aggregated customers
 may choose an elective balancing option on behalf of those customers.
 Columbia's current estimated rate for Option 1, Full Balancing Service, is
 as follows:
 
 SGS, SDS Customers  $0.20/Mcf
 LDS, MLS  Customers $0.10/Mcf
 
 Please note that Columbia's interruptible banking and balancing service
 will no longer be available.  The cost for the interruptible service
 ($0.1109/Mcf for SGS and SDS, and $0.0358 for LDS and MLS) will be removed
 from customers' distribution rates when the new Elective Balancing Services
 become effective.
 
 Under the newly approved Elective Balancing Service (Rider EBS), customers
 or their authorized agents are given 20 days in which to elect their
 service option.  Customers or their authorized agents who do not elect one
 of the three Elective Balancing Service options on or before November 12,
 2001 will default to Option 1, Full Balancing Service.  Columbia will post
 final rates for Rider EBS Option 1 by the close of business on November 15,
 2001.  If the final rates exceed the above estimated rates by more than
 20%, customers or their authorized agents who have elected Option 1 may
 change their election by submitting a change to Columbia in writing  by the
 close of business on November 20, 2001.  Columbia will begin providing
 service under the elected option as of December 1, 2001.
 
 A form for the election of Rider EBS options will be e-mailed to the
 "notices" contact person for each supplier that is active on the Columbia
 Gas of Pennsylvania systemwhen it is available.
 
 Please contact your Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania, Inc. representative at
 412-572-7117 with any questions relating to these new services.
 
 
 Attached are the forms and a brief outline of the changes.
 
 (See attached file: EBS & FOMS forms.doc)
 Shirley