
 
 I will review the list.  But I need someone from gas team and someone from power team to help.  Let's talk at 9am meeting tomorrow.
 
 Jim
 
  
    Cc:	Black, Don; Herndon, Rogers; Sacks, Edward; Wilhite, Jane
  
 
 We definitely need to quickly review this list and understand possible impact to our current strategy. Jim-you got it?
  
    Cc:	Herndon, Rogers; Dietrich, Janet; Sacks, Edward
  
 Sure - I talked to Ed Sacks and there are some on the list that he is already working on.  I imagine that we have defaulted under the surety and the CP can now collect, but have not seen the actual notices yet.  I have asked Mary Grisaffi to forward them to Carol St. Clair for review.
 
  
    Cc:	Herndon, Rogers; Dietrich, Janet
  
 Didn't know about this.  Have we compared this list to our gas market termination list?
 
 Jane - Can you please send me the list?
 
 Jim
 
  
    Cc:	Herndon, Rogers; Dietrich, Janet
  
 Jim,
 Are you all over this?  Is there a chance that we lose operations at these utilities before we can sell the markets?
 
  
    Cc:	St. Clair, Carol; Sacks, Edward
  
 Don,
 
 Attached is a list of surety bonds which involve EES with expiration dates that range from February 02 through October 02 that we do not plan on renewing.  Notices were received regarding early termination and/or non-renewal.  All of the notices will be forwarded to Carol St. Clair.
 
 If you have any questions or would like to discuss further please feel free to call.
 
 Thank you,
 
 Jane Wilhite
 ext. 35063
 
  
     
 
 
  
    Cc:	Bouillion, James L.; Deffner, Joseph; Marshall, David
  
 I called Molly Harris, she said there wasnt any one left in her dept. and that you should be able to help with the bonds for these companies, if there is someone else I should be contact, please let me know.  
 
 Bill, attached is a list of bonds that our broker (John L. Wortham, LLP) received a notice of cancellation on from  Fireman's Fund and Safeco.   Please determine which obligations will be required in the future.  However our broker has offered assistance in establishing a replacement surety, but you may also want to investigate alternative form of acceptable security.  
 
 Please let me know if you need copies or if there is anything I can do to help.  Thanks.
 
   
  << File: EEMC cancelled bonds  12-11-01.xls >> 
 
  << File: Grisaffi, Mary.vcf >> 