
 
 
 Vince --
 
 I see that you are on the panel on market monitoring.  Dave Perrino and Alan Comnes are following the issue for Enron in the Western power markets as RTOs are formed.  It may make sense for some people from Govt Affairs to talk with you to discuss current issues and focus of FERC and others?  If we can get together, please let me know a good time.
 
 Also, the attached paper from EPSA on Market Monitoring is something we support through our trade association.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Jim
  
    Cc:	Steffes, James D.
  
 Here's the EPSA MM white paper.
 
 I will send the workshop announcement to Julie Simon and Erin P at EPSA.  They really ought to get on a panel.
 
  
  
    Cc:	Steffes, James D.
  Importance:	High
 
 Yes I know Vince and I think one of you should call him to chat before the workshop.  Either Jim or I should probably be on the call.  Thanks.
 
  
     
 To All,
 
 Below is the announcement of a Market Monitoring workshop to be held in San Francisco on November 16.  There is a fee to attend of $50.00.  The scope of the meeting is to discuss market monitoring in the west.  The workshop is hosted by the CAISO and co-sponsored by RTO West and WestConnect.  I am planning on attending and I'm guessing Alan and Sue will want to attend as well.  You'll see on the agenda, that the friend of the market - Anjali Sheffrin is on the first panel, so expect an action packed day!  And our own Vince Kaminsky is on panel 3 (Christi, do you know Vince and should we check with him on any positions we have?).
 
 Kind Regards,
 
 Dave
 
  
     
 Subscription Option #1 -- Document Distribution Mailing List
 
 
 APPENDICES DOCUMENTS:
 
 WESTERN MARKET MONITORING WORKSHOP
 Attached is an invitation and draft agenda for a Market Monitoring workshop
 to be held on November 16, 2001 and brought to you, in part, by WestConnect.
 This is your opportunity to be involved in discussions relating to market
 monitoring in the West.
 
 
 
 NOTE:  If you have difficulty opening the attached documents from this
 e-mail, save them to your hard drive first and then open them from Word.
 
 
 
 QUESTIONS?
 ...About a document?  Please send and email to:


 ...About your subscription to this mailing list?  Please email:


 
 
 WANT TO UNSUBSCRIBE?


 into the subject line.
 
 Thank you.
 
 <http://www.dstarnet.com>
 
 
  - Invitation to 11-16-01 Market Monitoring Workshop 10-23-01.doc << File: Invitation to 11-16-01 Market Monitoring Workshop 10-23-01.doc >> 
  - Agenda for 11-16-01 Market Monitoring Workshop 10-23-01.doc << File: Agenda for 11-16-01 Market Monitoring Workshop 10-23-01.doc >> 