
 
 Great.  I'll be there.  Jim
 
 Linda -- Please put on my calendar.
 
  
     
 Jim:
 
 I will RSVP for you and me, if you're still interested in attending.  Please let me know if this has changed.
 
 Sarah
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 Sarah --
 
 I think that you and I should attend.  Thoughts?
 
 Jim
 
  
     
 MEMORANDUM
 
 TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
        Power Marketers Working Group
 
 FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
             Bob Reilley, Power Marketers Working Group Chair
             Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
             Erin Perrigo, Manager of Policy
 
 DATE: July 31, 2001
 
 RE: Regulatory Affairs Panel Follow-Up & Future Meeting
        ?Thursday, September 13th
 
 Attached you will find the presentations from EPSA's July 25th Regulatory Affairs meeting that focused on FERC's use of the hub-and-spoke method to evaluate market-based rate authority.  The speakers included John Hughes of ELCON, Diana Moss of FERC, Craig Roach of Boston Pacific Company and Don Santa of Troutman Sanders.  Also attached is EPSA's handout from the meeting outlining the hub-and-spoke method and its criticisms.
 
 The meeting launched EPSA's effort to coordinate members' thinking on the hub-and-spoke issue and, by extension, the debate surrounding the definition of market power.  While EPSA has not expressly endorsed one particular method to determine market-based rates, we have written on the broader issue of market monitoring and market power assessment in various RTO dockets, and most recently in our Market Monitoring: A White Paper, which was filed in both California and New York
 dockets.
 
 Whether or not the hub-and-spoke method is the correct and most efficient model to determine market-based rate authority, an even larger issue also enters the debate -the definition of market power.  The issues are ripe for debate: we've seen it on the regulatory front, with FERC Commissioners calling to reassess the hub-and-spoke method, and on the political front, with politicians making allegations of market power abuse.
 
 FERC's Order No. 2000 does allow market monitoring proposals to vary with RTO structure; however, one fundamentally important detail was left undecided in the rule - the definition of market power and abuse thereof.  Similarly, in the traditional definition of market power, "the ability to profitably sustain prices above competitive levels, acting alone or together with other firms," the definition of the word sustain remains subjective and unclear.  Therefore, as EPSA moves forward, we must be sure to endorse clear and consistent standards to identify and remedy anti-competitive behavior.
 
 Next Steps:
 

 
 
  - EPSA Po1.ppt << File: EPSA Po1.ppt >> 
  - epsa1.ppt << File: epsa1.ppt >> 
  - EPSA market power.ppt << File: EPSA market power.ppt >> 
  - mp_prof.pdf << File: mp_prof.pdf >> 
  - CaliforniaSpecialReport.pdf << File: CaliforniaSpecialReport.pdf >> 
