
 
 Bob --
 
 Please be on the next RCR call to update.  See Ginger for time.
 
 Jim
 
  
     
 
 I thought I'd pass this along to the RCR committee - I am going to try to get other participants in the Pacific NW refund case to chip in for Seaborn's fees.  As you know, things are moving quite fast. 
  

  
 
 Bob (cc Dan):
 
 On August 9th I sent a memo to Dan and Bob re: budget for the Pacific
 Northwest hearing. This included a PNW budget of $87,300 through the end of
 the hearing September 6th. I noted that we had already spent some time on
 PNW issues, including a meeting in Washington, etc. These were outside the
 $87K value.
 
 Just as an update, and to avoid any surprises, I thought I would provide Bob
 with an update. So far we have spent a total of 206 hours on the Pacific
 Northwest issues, through yesterday night. Needless to say, much of this
 went into drafting the numerous bits of testimony, plus the data analysis of
 the gas/power forwards prices. I also ended up drafting testimony on some
 other issues not originally contemplated, including ripple, etc.
 
 On that basis, we have gone through $66,575 of the total budget. I just
 wanted to make sure people were OK with this as we still have a very long 9
 days left to go before the hearing concludes next Thursday...and I expect we
 will be very busy the entire time.
 
 
 Seabron
 
 
 
 This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the
 addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
 confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this
 e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
 copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly
 prohibited.
 If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at
 (617) 354-0060 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any
 e-mail and any printout thereof.
 
 
 Seabron Adamson
 Frontier Economics Inc
 Two Brattle Square
 Cambridge, MA 02138 USA
 Ph:  (617) 354-0060
 Fax: (617) 354-0640

 
 www.frontier-economics.com
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 Shelby J. Kelley, Esq.
 Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
 2000 K Street, NW  Suite 500
 Washington, DC 20006-1872
 (202) 828-5859

 
 CONFIDENTIALITY NOTE:
 This email message is intended solely for the individual or individuals
 named above.  It may contain confidential attorney-client privileged
 information and/or attorney work product.  If the reader of this message is
 not the intended recipient, you are requested not to read, copy or
 distribute it or any of the information it contains.  Please delete it
 immediately and notify the sender by return email or by telephone.  Thank
 you.
