
 
 Dave --
 
 With EES' push into serving smaller customers, the issues in this situation -- potential affiliate abuse and unfair sharing of information -- will become more important.  When EES focused on national outsourcing, this was less an issue because our products crossed many jurisdictions.  
 
 This issue, of course, is especially important in recently opened or opening markets as the affiliates try and secure large market share.  We are also watching for these activities in places like MI, VA, and OH.  
 
 Jim
 
  
     
 
 
 
  
 Janet R Dietrich
 08/27/2001 02:15 PM
    
 Just fyi...
 
 
  
 Eric Letke
 08/26/2001 07:35 PM
 Sent by:	Eric Letke
    
 I will get with Hamb and Patrick to strategize before we take any definitive action.  This may be an opportunity to negotiate access to systems that have been previously blocked.
 
     
 
 We believe the interface between the AREP (Reliant and TXU Energy Services) and the utility may constitute a violation of the respective utility Code of Conduct.  However, my initial thought is to insist that we have the same access to the data that TXU and Reliant use for their statistics and product offerings.  I have contacted both the utility and the energy services company (only Reliant so far) to find out how our IT folks can obtain the same data.  As expected, Reliant has been less than willing to answer the question directly.  I have left voice mail with the Regulatory VP twice.  He gets one more chance.
 
 Here are the sites.
 
   https://www.reliant.com/SolutionsPortal/MainPage/1,1964,,00.html
 
 https://www.txuesgateway.com/portal/
 
  
    Cc:	Letke, Eric; Sharp, Vicki; Keene, Patrick
  
 Janet,
 
 I placed a called into Pat in Reg. Affairs and he  is currently investigating this issue and the possible infractions to the Code of Conduct.  My experience in govt. affairs warrants full investigation..
 
 
 Will keep you posted
 Ed
 
 
 
  << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
 Janet R Dietrich
 08/24/2001 11:46 AM
    
 I pulled up TXU Energy Services' website and did a little browsing. Do you think the retail energy services group is utilizing information re: customer accounts that the regulated utility has? i.e. consumption data, current pricing, etc? If so, isn't this illegal under the electricity Code of Conduct rules in Texas? If any end user in TU's territory could access that type of information through the retail website, I would think it would be a problem.
 
 Any thoughts?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
 <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>