
 
 Dave --
 
 Do we have a strong preference for what DSTAR utilities should do?  I think that we want to communicate with OMTR and others at FERC to push a single RTO in the West (leaving CA) outside.  Also, having the Transco originally within the RTO West makes alot of operational sense and should not limit the economics of the Transco.
 
 Jim
 
  
    Cc:	Rodriquez, Andy; Yeung, Charles; Karen Denne (E-mail); Kaufman, Paul; Alvarez, Ray; Hall, Steve C. (Legal); Mara, Susan
  Importance:	High
 
 To All,
 
 Below is a message from Jack King the Chair of the DSTAR Board, which describes the dissolution of the DSTAR board due to the withdrawal of funding from the PTOs in the region.
 
 The information I received on Wednesday from Cary Deise of APS was, on Monday the PTOs voted to withdraw funding of DSTAR (as noted below).  The big 5 in the region, APS, TEPCo, PNM, SRP and WAPA have, or plan, on signing a Memorandum Of Understanding to file with FERC on October 12 a complete tariff to form a for-profit TransCo called WesCo, or WestTrans, which will be based on the documents that we have been reviewing.  Cary noted that there are several possibilities for the proposed TransCo, one was to join TransConnect in the northwest and join RTO West, simply join RTO West, or develop their own compliant RTO.  Below Jack King states that the PTOs would be forming a for-profit RTO, that was NOT the impression I got from APS.  
 
 I will keep you posted of any developments.  If you have any questions, please feel free to give me a call.
 
 Kind Regards,
 
 Dave
 
  
     Importance:	High
 
 Subscription Option #1 -- Document Distribution Mailing List
 
 Message from Jack King, Chair of the Desert STAR Board of Directors:
 I have been informed by the Transmission Owners that they plan to move
 forward with a filing at FERC in the near future to create a for-profit
 Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) and that they do not intend to fund
 any future activities of Desert STAR.  Without funding, the Desert STAR
 Board of Directors feels that it has no choice but to start dissolving
 Desert STAR.
 On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank all of the
 stakeholders for their support of Desert STAR and to wish all stakeholders
 the best of fortune in this evolving environment.
 
 
 QUESTIONS?
 ...About a document?  Please send and email to:


 ...About your subscription to this mailing list?  Please email:


 
 
 WANT TO UNSUBSCRIBE?


 into the subject line.
 
 Thank you.
 
 <http://www.dstarnet.com>
