
 
 Agree- thats what I thought when I met with her over there. Why don't you give her a call and try to arrange something. One thing I would rather not pay any relocation expenses since she is moving on her own accord. Have Suttle call her also. Tx Rick
 
  
     
 This is a slam dunk with Alan Ford moving back to Quilkey's team.  Actually it may put us in a better position for Asia Pacific based on her credit experience.
 
 Bill
 
 
 
  
     
 
 
 
  << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 

 08/03/2001 16:04
    
 Rick, as discussed in London yesterday, I am leaving Enron for personal reasons (partner's work) and will arrive in Sydney late May/early June 2001.
 
 As requested, 10 points re: transfer to Enron Sydney:
 
 I am committed to staying at Enron.  This will enable me to continue to apply and develop my managerial, intellectual and analytical abilities within Enron's innovative business environment.
 
 Senior Specialist - RAC-Credit London, since September 2000 in the Metals area, reporting to Tim Davies.
 
 Member of the Enron Employee Stock Option Programme [key employee retention programme].
 
 Last appraisal was favourable (reflected in 3.above) and management potential confirmed.
 
 New Zealander citizen - no immigration issues.
 
 UK work experience (1997-2001):
 Strong investment banking background - UK and European Credit Risk (Associate Director level at UBSWarburg/Deutsche Bank) including M&A, structured hedge trades, securitisation and asset backed securities.  Client interaction - board level.
 
 Investment Fund Manager - Asian Equities (Scottish Life Assurance Company)
 
 New Zealand work experience (1992-1996):
 Industry Analysis Economist/Manager (reporting to the Chief Economist), Corporate Banking Relationship Management (Westpac Banking Corporation - top Graduate position attained).  Investment Fund Management (Lloyds Bank sub- The National Bank of NZ).
 
 Qualifications: Bachelor Degrees in Commerce (Finance) and Arts (Economics), Otago University, New Zealand (invitations to do Honours in Economics and Political Philosophy).
 
 Interests: skiing, golf, running, reading, music, yoga, travel, cinema. 	
 
 
 Many thanks for your consideration.
 
 Regards.
 
 Anna
 +44 2077834481
 
