
 
 Thanks Mark - these are mine and I'll ask Louise to be more careful in her 
 addressing.
 
 
 

 	05/16/2000 03:10 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Yours????
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mark A Taylor/EFS/EES on 05/16/2000 04:09 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 05/16/2000 07:09 AM


  
 I spoke to Mark yesterday and he is moving as fast as possible - it may be a 
 good idea to start with a detailed term sheet  whilst the fuller document is 
 in drafting (we will be using external counsel to speed things up).
 
 I looked at your list of products (sent by Kevin) which is a great deal wider 
 than those we quote.  I think the best qay to proceed would be with a 
 manageable list from which we build as soon as both parties are happy with 
 the technology.
 I have attached a draft list below (natual gas an power only so far), the 
 terms would be dependent of their availability.  When do you plan to 
 introduce financial transactions?
 
 
 
 Due to the time difference this week - the easiest way of contacting me is 
 email.  I would also suggest we think about setting up a meeting for early 
 next week to go through the draft.
 
 Regards
 
 Louise
 
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	
 	    05/15/2000 11:19 AM
 	
 

 
  
 
 Hi Mark,
 
 Thanks for taking time on Friday to participate in our meeting.  I think we
 made good progress -- by the end of the day, Louise and I were able to
 resolve most, if not all, major items.  Late on Friday, Kevin Sluder from my
 office forwarded to Louise by email a list of the proposed markets on
 HoustonStreet for which we would look to receive prices electronically from
 EnronOnline.  Louise indicated that you would attempt to have a draft
 agreement available late in the day on Monday or Tuesday morning.  I wanted
 to confirm this timing so I can make sure I have the appropriate individuals
 on my end ready to turn it around.  I think it is in everyone's interest to
 try to push this forward this week.
 
 Please let me know if you need any additional information from
 HoustonStreet.
 
 Best regards,
 Frank Getman

 
 
 
 
 
