
 
 Can you check and make sure Hector Ramirez is still with ECT?
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
    
 I sent Brent an e: mail asking him what the scoop was on how they were 
 trading for ECT so we don't create a presence.  His response is below.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 01/28/99 01:43 PM 
 ---------------------------
 
 

 01/28/99 01:20 PM
    
 The originators here occasionally come across a counterparty who wants to do 
 a financial trade.  They discuss generally what ECT can offer and if the 
 customer wants to do a deal they are told to contact Hector Ramirez in 
 Houston who actually does the trade directly with the customer.  Neither EI 
 Argentina nor any employee from this office should be mentioned in any 
 document going to the customer since we are not technically involved in the 
 trade.   As a relationship issue our people here are anxious to make sure the 
 documentation and confirmation of trades goes smoothly.  There may be a 
 finders fee paid by ECT to EI for customers directed to ECT depending on 
 various factors which I am not privy to.  I hope this helps.
 
 If you find a decent tickler program let me know.
 
 
    
 I have resolved the Consent to Service of Process with CT Corporation and Mr. 
 Blaquier and am going to send Mr. Blaquier the originals tonight for 
 execution.  I don't know how to handle the check, he suggested dropping it 
 off at your office.  I think I'm just going to have him include it back in 
 the package to me and then send it on to CT along with their form.  CT will 
 then issue a letter to DAPSA reflecting their acceptance of their role.  We 
 need to get a copy of the letter that Mr. Blaquier receives, and then we're 
 covered.
 
 This will be renewed on an annual basis, with CT directly sending the bill to 
 DAPSA.  If they do not receive a renewal check within a month they will 
 cancel their agency relationship.  So, somehow, we need to followup on this 
 on an annual basis.  Unfortunately, we do not have a tickler system to remind 
 us annually to do something.  I'm going to talk to Mary Solomson, they have a 
 tickler in Global Contracts and I'm going to see if we can get it added to 
 it.  I can see this falling through the cracks.  Any suggestions?
 
 One other thing, at the Legal/Credit meeting we discussed the DAPSA agreement 
 and I was quizzed as to who the business people were and they only ones I 
 know of are in Argentina, and won't that cause ECT to have a presence in 
 Argentina if we transact the trades down there?  How is that going to work?  
 Are the trades going to be entered into from Houston?  Can you let me know so 
 I can report back.
 
 Much thanks!
 
 
 
 
 
 
