
 
 I won't be able to be on the 11:30 call this morning.  I have given Elizabeth 
 a copy of the 'omnibus' document we probably used if the put options sold to 
 Puget Sound were derivatives and described the arguments we could make that 
 the imposition of the proposed price cap would be a Market Disruption Event.  
 If it is a Market Disruption Event the most likely outcome under the contract 
 (since it will last more than 3 days and we presumably will not be able to 
 negotiate an agreed price) is that "the Floating Price shall be determined in 
 good faith by ENA, by taking the average of two or more dealer quotes."  I'm 
 not sure what dealer quotes would get us under these circumstances.  Can 
 dealers quote prices in excess of the price cap?
 
 
 
 	Richard B Sanders
 	10/29/2000 09:01 AM
 		

 		  
 I have set up a conference call at 11:30 on Monday to discuss.
 
 
 
 	Christian Yoder
 	10/27/2000 12:15 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 In the days immediately before the application for a price cap, Puget came to 
 us and asked us to enter into several put options.  We did so. I am advised 
 by the traders that if this price cap were to actually be in effect,  our put 
 option transactions would not make sense for us economically and we would 
 never have entered into them had we known of their intention to make this 
 filing.   I am under some pressure  to explain two things:  (i) whether the 
 fact that they knew they were going to file for the cap when they did the 
 options is some kind of fraud, and (ii) whether the WSPP Agreement or our 
 ISDA swap agreements have any clauses in them to address this kind of 
 thing,ie. is this some kind of "illegality" issue?  I am working on the 
 second issue and have discussed it with Mark Taylor, but on the first issue, 
 I need advice from Richard and anyone else who can help.----cgy 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Christian Yoder/HOU/ECT on 10/27/2000 
 09:59 AM ---------------------------
 
 
 Mary Hain
 10/27/2000 09:50 AM

 Portland West Desk
   
 Puget Sound has filed a complaint against all jurisdictional sellers of 
 wholesale energy and/or capacity in the Pacific Northwest, including parties 
 to WSPP agreement.  Puget Sound requests FERC to impose price cap on 
 wholesale sales of energy and capacity in the Pacific Northwest equal to the 
 lowest price cap "established, ordered, or permitted by the Commission for 
 wholesale purchases by the Cal ISO or Cal PX . . . ."  Puget requests an 
 effective date of December 25,2000.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
