
 
 Janice:
 
 Sorry for the delay in getting back to you - Elizabeth is now working in the 
 power trading area and Sara has been out of town.
 
 I agree with you that the letter seems harmless enough and I wouldn't blame 
 the commercial folks for being upset if it looks like GS is trying to do and 
 end-around on the process.  Yes - let's send it and get an opportunity to 
 participate in offering the products.
 
 Mark
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Janice Moore
 05/19/99 05:02 PM

  
 I've been asked by the EI team whether they can send this letter (all the way 
 at the bottom of these notes) to the client this week.  In order to get this 
 out by Friday morning in Guam, it has to be done on Thursday close of 
 business Houston time.   Is there any chance that we could accomplish this?  
 Please advise.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Janice Moore/HOU/ECT on 19.05.99 17:00 
 ---------------------------
 
 
 Janice Moore
 18.05.99 12:14
    
 A year ago, we looked at a proposal from Guam asking for help w/ price risk 
 management on their fuel oil purchases.  We concluded then that Guam was 
 really looking for an advisor, so we declined to participate in their 
 tender.  Goldman, Sachs apparently won that bid.  Now, however, it looks like 
 they're interested in the products we have to offer, so the EI people would 
 like to send the attached letter (all the way at the bottom of these notes) 
 to be sure Enron is invited to the table.  The draft letter seems harmless 
 enough, but I thought that the person in your group who will be supporting 
 this effort might like to review it before it's sent.  The letter is set up 
 for Kevin Beasley's signature, but the ECT organization has changed since 
 then, so I can look into who that would be at this point.
 
 I would appreciate it if you could copy me on your responses to the EI folks, 
 so I can keep up w/ them. Thanks for your help.
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Janice Moore/HOU/ECT on 18.05.99 12:07 
 ---------------------------

 

  
 Manuel,
        
 I have forwarded this to Janice since it involves ECT.  She will review and 
 talk to trading.  Let's hold off until she responds.
 
 David
 
 
   Lundstrom/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
  
  
 
 Team:
 
 Please review and finalize the attached draft to GEDA.  I spoke with Lisa 
 Taitano of GEDA today and she indicated that GEDA or GPA may bid out a 
 financial risk management contract around next month.  However, Goldman 
 Sachs, who is currently the risk manager, also appears to be manipulating the 
 process such that it would transition from a risk manager to the provider of 
 the financial products--which would explain the third paragraph in the 
 attached draft.
 
 Goldman Sachs is saying that they would forfeit the fees associated
 with their role as a risk manager in exchange for negotiating the financial 
 risk management contract.
 
 Best regards,
 Manuel
 
 
 
 
 
  - geda1.doc
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
