
 
 Regarding Louise's second paragraph, I guess I had always assumed there would 
 be different governing law provisions at a minimum - and dispute resolution 
 fits similarly - with parties in various jurisdictions.  Any thoughts?
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mark - ECT Legal Taylor/HOU/ECT on 
 05/26/99 04:32 PM ---------------------------
 
 
 Louise Kitchen
 05/25/99 03:53 AM


  
 Good morning everyone,
 
 Thankyou for responding promptly.
 
 I think this draft better captures the Master / GTC approach though I thought 
 we were going to change the title of the Internete Trading Access Agreement 
 to something reflecting 'Password Application'.  
 
 Also the wording which has been added at the end of the agreement is 
 obviously only US specific - does this mean that we are going to have to have 
 different Agreements on the page depending on the location of the person who 
 clicks on it? Obviously the fact that the law is different on the written one 
 is OK as can be altered by jurisdiction but the same issue does arise on the 
 online agreement.   This causes issues so I'll need a respond immediately on 
 this and would appreciate Mark and Justin discussing this today.
 
 For information, I attach Schwab's agreement from the web which is quite 
 simplistic in look and feel - could we adopt any of this approach - no 
 WHEREAS is a good start.
 
 
 
 
 Regards
 
 Louise
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	
 	 25/05/99 00:16
 	
 
   (b  
 
 
 Attached are clean and blacklined versions of the Access Agreement and 
 Trading Agreement, which have been revised to reflect Mark's comments and 
 some additional changes we have made.  Please call or e-mail with any 
 questions or comments.  Best regards.
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                          
  - 5j%t02!.wpd
  - 5j%tred.wpd
  - 5j%w02!.wpd
  - 5j%wred.wpd
 
 
 
