
 
 I'll let you know when I figure out what our Firm ID and Password are.
 ----- Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 01/16/2001 02:35 PM -----
 

 	01/12/2001 09:11 PM
 	Please respond to cgreasley
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 January 12, 2001
 
 MEMORANDUM TO PRIMARY / LEGAL OPINION CONTACTS
 
 
 Netting Opinions
 The legal opinion updates discussing the enforceability of the termination,
 bilateral close-out netting and multibranch close-out netting provisions of
 the 1987 and 1992 ISDA Master Agreements for twenty-nine jurisdictions are
 now available in electronic format from the ISDA web site.   Legal opinion
 updates from Bermuda, Canada, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, and The Netherlands
 Antilles are expected shortly.
 
 Collateral Opinions
 Collateral opinions commissioned for Canada and Indonesia will be released
 on the ISDA web site next week.
 
 Last month each primary contact was sent a Firm ID and Password to allow
 each access to electronic ISDA documentation.  The Firm ID and Password
 would be required to access the legal opinion updates as well. ISDA provides
 its legal opinions in electronic format to allow ISDA members to access the
 opinions more readily and easily.  However, printed copies of the opinions
 will be made available upon request.
 
 Please click on the following link to access the legal opinions in PDF file
 format from the ISDA web site
 http://www.isda.org/docproj/netting_login.html. A free copy of Adobe Acrobat
 Reader, which launches the PDF file format program, can be obtained from the
 following Adobe web site:
 http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html.
 
 Please note that these legal opinion updates will be available on the ISDA
 web site for two weeks only.   The legal opinion updates will be removed
 from the web site at the end of January.
 
 Members are reminded that the ISDA legal opinions are intended for use by
 ISDA members only.
 
 ISDA is aware that providing these opinions is among the most important of
 its member services.  If you encounter any problems accessing the legal
 opinions or if you have any questions regarding the content or the process
 of collecting and reviewing the opinions, please contact the ISDA office by

 
 
 Robert Pickel
 General Counsel
