
 
 Harry - are you the right lawyer to look at this?
 ----- Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 04/16/2001 05:12 PM -----
 
 	Robert B Cass
 	04/16/2001 04:52 PM
 		 









 		  
 Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m.  
 See the steps for approval below.
 
 US Steel Hot Rolled Plate Phy
 
 Website Short Description of Product Type:  US HR StlPlt Phy
 
 
 Product Type:
 A U.S Hot Rolled Steel Plate Transaction with Enron North America Corp, under 
 which the Seller shall deliver and the Buyer shall take and pay for the 
 Contract Quantity of the Commodity at the Purchase Price. The Purchase Price 
 shall be the price submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline.  The Commodity 
 shall meet specifications and tolerances as further defined below, unless 
 quality tolerances are outlined in Schedule 4 on the Website 
 (http://www/enrononline.com/docs/marketing/Markets/Steel/US/Products/).
 
 Reference Period:
 The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date (or start date) 
 to the Termination Date (or end date). The Effective Date (or start date) is 
 01 Oct 2001. The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct 2001.
 
 Product Additional Information (example):
 The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1" and a width of 
 72 inches. 
 The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago, Ill Metro 
 Area.  F.O.B. refers to the following terms: Seller is responsible for 
 freight, unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse, 
 Buyer is responsible for storage, loading and freight after delivery.  The 
 Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline 
 (5% greater or lesser allowance at Seller's option). Each calendar month 
 during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period.  Enron will 
 guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept 
 supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period.  Payment shall be made, 
 against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms 
 and Conditions, in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer no later 
 than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is released to 
 Buyer.
 
 Currency:
 The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the 
 Contractual Currency.
 
 Unit of Measure:
 The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons (2000 
 lbs) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month.
 
 
 
 STEPS FOR APPROVAL:
 
 click the  START button 
 select  PROGRAMS
 select  TEST APPLICATIONS
 select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)
  PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD 
 click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button  
 select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager)
  PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD
 click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
 click on the "+" for Product Types
 click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved")
 select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above
 Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up 
 TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved"
