
 
 ----- Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 06/04/2001 05:50 PM -----
 
 	Homer Lin
 	06/04/2001 08:19 AM
 		
 		  		  		  
 
 Mark,
 
 Whether or not the mid-month to mid-month deals are likely, you should 
 probably ask Scott Moncrieff or Joe King to answer that question.
 
 I was just suggesting the possibility...  I do like the additional language 
 that covers deals shorter than one month
 
 "Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a 
 Determination Period; provided that, if the term of the Transaction is less 
 than one calendar month, the Determination Period shall be the term of the 
 Transaction."
 
 Perhaps we should proceed with the current Product Description and worry 
 about the mid-month to mid-month description if/when we need it.
 
 Homer
 
 
 

  
 Homer - 
 
 The problem with the language you suggest is that it will be triggered by any 
 term that is longer than a month.  As far as I know, we have never had a 
 product that went from mid-month to mid-month.  Is that a real issue for us 
 here?  We have language in a few products already that takes care of the 
 second issue (deals shorter than one month):
 
 Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a 
 Determination Period; provided that, if the term of the Transaction is less 
 than one calendar month, the Determination Period shall be the term of the 
 Transaction.
 
 In some cases (e.g. power swaps), when the deal is for less than a month the 
 payment dates are modified to fall at the beginning of the following month 
 (rather than 5 days after the floating price is determinable).  That is a 
 commercial call.  Just let me know how you want to handle that issue.
 
 If mid-month to mid-month deals are likely, let me know and I will come up 
 with alternative language.
 
 Mark
 
 
 
 	Homer Lin
 	06/01/2001 10:15 AM
 		

 		  		  
 Mark,
 
 Looks good.  The product description looks fine for copying the shipping 
 products that Scott Moncrieff is trading now in London.
 
 I'm a little concerned about the line: "Each calendar month during the term 
 of the Transaction will be a Determination Period"...
 
 Is it flexible enough in changing determination periods from mid-month to 
 mid-month?
 As in June 15 to July 14 to represent a month?  Or will that just be another 
 Long Description that we would have to draft for another product type?
 
 Also, what if we wanted to break up the determination periods into smaller 
 increments than one month?  
 Let us say a 1-week or 2-week period instead of a full month.
 
 May be something like:
 "Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a 
 Determination Period unless otherwise specified by the Effective Dates"
 
 That's my two cents,
 Homer
 x57642
 
 
 

   
 Here is a draft of the US version.  Please let me know if it works for you.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
