
 
 Would you please try and arrange for 30 min. meetings for Andrea Calo with as 
 many of the following people as possible either Wednesday afternoon (from 
 2:00 to 6:00) or Thursday morning (from 9:00 to 10:30):
 
 Mark Haedicke
 Jeff Hodge
 Dan Hyvl
 Michelle Blaine
 Rob Walls
 Scott Neal
 Pat Cini
 Elizabeth Sager
 Stacy Dickson
 Clement Abrams
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 10/21/99 05:00 PM 
 ---------------------------
 
 

 10/21/99 04:00 PM
    
 Great, I would appreciate a ride to the Woodlands. You really got me with the 
 anyone in particular question! There is so little time and so many people I'd 
 like to meet with, so lets say I'd specially like to spend some time with 
 Jeff, Dan, Sara, Michelle Blaine and you of course, and on the EI-side I'd 
 like to meet with Rob Walls for a few minutes if he is available. Also, if 
 possible, I'd like to stop by and say hi to Scott Neal and Pat Cini.
 
 
 
 
 

 21/10/99 03:54 PM
    
 There is no organized transport to the Woodlands but it will be easy to make 
 arrangements for you to ride with someone else leaving from the office - so I 
 guess it makes sense for you to come in Thursday morning as well.  I'll try 
 and set up a few meetings for you starting with lunch on Wednesday.  I was 
 thinking primarily of lawyers here - anyone in particular you would like on 
 the list?
 
 
 

 10/21/99 01:20 PM
    
 Please feel free to arrange meetings for me with whoever you think 
 interesting. I will be arriving on Wednesday, October 27 at 9:00 a.m. and 
 will be staying at the Doubletree that night so I can go in to the office the 
 next morning as well if you find it convenient.
 
 Has Enron arranged transportation to the Woodlands?   If so could you let me 
 know who I should talk to in order to get a ride? Thanks
 
 
    
 Would you like me to set up some meetings for you with people here in the 
 Houston office for the day before the Confernce?  If so, please let me know 
 what your schedule is & I will ask my assistant to set up some times for you.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
