
 
 Yes - and boats.  I wasn't too worried until the last update which indicates 
 the storm has lost forward momentum and is just drifting out there - just 
 barely east of due south of the BVI.  They are predicting that it will resume 
 its course in the morning and I sure hope so but anything can happen.  As of 
 the middle of this afternoon, the Moorings was planning to let the Friday 
 charter starts go for sure - maybe even tomorrow's!
 
 
 
 

    
 
 
 AA is fine - St Thomas.  All we need to do now is make sure there are
 islands left to fly into.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Greg
 
  

   
 
 
  It does make sense that there shouldn't be a problem with traveling
 to the USVI;
  since you have to clear immigration to get in there from the BVI I
 wouldn't
  expect to have to clear again when you go back to the mainland or
 Puerto Rico.
  We haven't spent much time sailing in the USVI so it would be an
 exploratory
  trip for us - not at all a bad thing.  We can't get the boat to the
 USVI till
  Monday (charter doesn't start till noon on Sun. and there's tons of
 work getting
  all the food/drinks/ice etc. put away).  Best bet is to pick Bruce
 up in St.
  John - Charlotte Amalie on St. Thomas is reputed to be a large, busy
 commercial
  port - a great place for yachts to play dodge-em with the cruise
 ships (not
  fun).  There is regular ferry service from St. Thomas to St. John.
 We won't be
  there before noon on Monday.
 
  I just got off the phone with Greg so hopefully AA can do the right
 thing here!
 
 
 
 

 
    cc:
   
 
 
  OK...guys the story is this:
 
 
  I have just spent the entire day at Federal Plaza with the INS in
 extremely
  nasty conditions.  Basically, I was not able to get hold of a travel
 permit.
  Vermont apparently has lost my documents including travel permit and
 Federal
  Plaza cannot step in.  I cannot drive to Vermont, because they only
 do
  postal.  I think I would feel slightly better had I known the
 outcome at the
  start of the day rather than at the end.
 
  Anyway, to cut a long story short, I asked the question of whether I
 could
  goto the US Virgin Islands.  The first answer was "no", so I
 persisted and
  the second answer was "yes; can I point you to the US in the US
 Virgin
  Islands", so feeling very patronised but having achieved something
 for my
  day at Federal Plaza I left.
 
  We now have 3 choices:
 
  1.    Go to US VI......I definitely cannot go to BVI
  2.    Delay flight a couple of days and hope that travel permit
 comes
  through (which it should because my lawyer)
  3.    Got to USVI and get permit sent on if it comes through
 
  G:  Please can you see about changing my flights to the US VI.  You
 are
  better at dealing with airlines than I am.....pretty please!
 
  B
 
 
  

     
 
  >
  >
  >Here's the current forecast for Lenny.  Shouldn't be  a major
 problem for
  us but
  >I feel for folks scheduled to go down there tomorrow and Thursday.
  >
  >Bruce - we're still keeping our fingers crossed that your permit
 will come
  >through.  Are you sure you've got the right lawyer working on this?
 Seems
  like
  >he ought to be able to shake it loose somehow.  Anything at all we
 can do
  from
  >here?
  >
  >(See attached file: track_LENNY.gif)
  >
 
 
 
 
  
 
