
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 01/19/2000 01:41 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 
 Nony Flores
 01/19/2000 01:30 PM
    
 
 	
 
 Mark - I forgot to copy Dale Neuner on my message to you yesterday 
 afternoon.  Have you already forward it to him the revised GTC's?  If not, 
 I'll be glad to do it.
 
 Thanks.
 Nony
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Nony Flores/HOU/ECT on 01/19/2000 01:28 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 
 Nony Flores
 01/18/2000 05:12 PM

  
 Mark -
 
 We forwarding the revised GTC's for EPC and ECFC correcting the definition of 
 Commercial Terms in Appendix I as follows:
   
 We've deleted this definition:
 
 "Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing 
 the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law 
 that is issued in connection with a Transaction.
 
 and added the following new definition which mirrors the wording of Section 
 1.1 of the online GTC:
 
   "Special Terms and Conditions" means the special terms and conditions of a 
 particular Transaction for the sale or purchase of Products, including but 
 not limited to, payment terms, price, quantity/tolerance, Products 
 description, specifications, delivery location and delivery window shall be 
 as set forth on this website ("Special Terms and Conditions");
 We've also made a global change to the entire document replacing "Commercial 
 Terms" with "Special Terms and Conditions."
 
  EPC   ECFC 
 Thanks.
 Nony Flores
 
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 

  
 Mark:
 The defined term "Commercial Term" which is contained in the Apendix I to the 
 EPC gtcs should have been modified to reflect the definitional changes made 
 in Section 1.1 of the gtcs.  I"ll work with Nony to get it corrected.
 
 

  
 I have gone ahead and forwarded this and the ECFC version to the EOL people 
 to be uploaded.
 
 I do have a concern though that I wanted to ask you about. These GTC's use 
 the defined term "Commercial Term" which is defined as follows:
 
 "Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing 
 the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law 
 that is issued in connection with a Transaction.
 
 We have taken the position in our other EOL trading that the transaction is 
 complete and binding from the time we accept the counterparty's offer over 
 the system by reference to the GTC, the numbers submitted by the counterparty 
 (usually volume and price) and the Long Description.  We've gone to some 
 lengths to make sure that the combination of GTC, website numbers and Long 
 Description contain all of the necessary terms.  It's not clear to me that we 
 intend the website numbers and Long Description to satisfy the definition of 
 Commercial Terms.  Are these transactions not intended to be binding until 
 the confirmation is signed?  Any thoughts on this?
 
 
 
 Nony Flores
 01/11/2000 06:09 PM


  
 Mark - 
 
 Last week Dale Neuner was requested to add four new commodities to on-line 
 trading and Mike Robison and Steve Elliott have reviewed and approved the 
 long descriptions for benzene, mixed xylene, toluene and methanol.   We have 
 also finalized the form of GTC's for EPC (who trades benzene, xylene and 
 toluene) and are forwarding them to you for further distribution.
 
  
 
 Note:  GTC's for Enron Clean Fuels Company (who trades methanol) will follow 
 on Wednesday.
 
 Thanks.
 Nony Flores
 Ext. 3-7541
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
