
 
 Thanks Sami.  It might be a good idea to try and get the ISDA team to spend a little time on non-financial commodities.  It's not clear from this summary that they intend to raise energy commodity derivatives as an issue or attempt to achieve parity of legal treatment with bank products.  Just so you know, we have run into this kind of blind spot from local participants (who are mostly banks and investment firms) before but the New York ISDA staff is usually willing to help us out.
 
  

  
 FYI
 
 
  

   
  
 
 
 Dear Sirs,
 
 With regard to ISDA visit to Brazil and as discussed in our conference call
 today, we would like to summarize the issues that we believe might be
 important to raise with the Brazilian authorities as well as market
 participants. We added some additional points as we realized might be
 interesting to discuss:
 
 I. ISDA Master Agreement and International Market Practice x Local Masters
 and Brazilian Market Practices
 
 a) Differences as to events of default, early termination, suspension of
 contracts or valuations, etc. due to differences in market practices -
 discussion of contrasts;
 
 b) Definitions of events of default and early termination and reflex in
 other local primary market agreements (loans, derivatives) - preparation
 for trigger events of credit derivatives.
 
 c) Should the master agreement be recognized by the authorities as an
 official way to negotiate derivatives (ie. By creating a special regulatory
 treatment, etc.) or should it be used voluntarily by market participants as
 currently assumed?
 
 II. ISDA Definitions of local rates, indexes, commodities, securities:
 liquidity of local and international derivatives market referenced to
 Brazilian financial instruments.
 
 a) Contribution of ISDA to the negotiation of derivatives referenced to
 Brazilian instruments.
 b) Contribution of the authorities (ie. expansion of the scope to the
 negotiation of international hedging derivatives by Brazilian banks and
 counterparties).
 
 III. Netting and Banking Credit Bills (c?dulas de cr?dito banc?rio).
 
 a)   Instability of Provisional Measure x Contractual Reliability
      -    power of law x  weakness of legislative trust
      -    stability of contractual relations x change in law
 
 b)   Negotiations of legislative approvals
 
 c)            Independence of the Brazilian Central Bank and Monetary
 Council
 
 Parallel in other legislation x benefits to the market x constraints to the
 market
 
 IV. OTC Derivatives x Clearings
 
 a)   Should all OTC Derivatives be registered in local clearances as the
 authorities require ?
 
      -    pros and cos
 
 b)   Tax effects and gambling characterization of unregistered contracts ?
 
 V. Discussion of tax deviations that affect the derivatives industry.
 
 a) Financial institutions: non-hedging transactions
 
 b) Non-financial companies: hedging transactions
 
 Feel free to contact us if you need any further explanations !
 
 Regards,
 
 Lavinia
 
 Banco Ita? S/A
 International Financial Engineering
 

 phone: 55 11 237 3808
 fax: 55 11 237 2961
 
 
 
 
                     Scott Marra





















                                           
 
 
 
 
 
 Please refer to the dial in details below
 
  CALL DATE:         SEP-28-2001  (Friday)
  CALL TIME:         11:00 AM EASTERN TIME
  USA Toll Free Number: 888-469-2084
  USA Toll Number: +1-312-470-7060
   PASSCODE: BRAZIL 2001
   LEADER:            Mr Pedro Martinez
 
 
 Scott Marra
 Administrator for Policy & Media Relations
 ISDA
 600 Fifth Avenue
 Rockefeller Center - 27th floor
 New York, NY 10020
 Phone: (212) 332-2578
 Fax: (212) 332-1212

 
 >  





 > Cc:           Ruth Ainslie; Scott Marra; Kimberly Summe
 >  > Importance:        High
 >
 > Dear All,
 >
 > ISDA would like to schedule a conference call with the Brazilian Advisory
 > Group this afternoon or tomorrow Friday, September 28 at 11:00am NY time
 > to discuss an ISDA visit to Brazil in late October. ISDA is considering a
 > visit of several days that includes the Central Bank as well as other
 > regulators - NMC, e.g., market players, netting legislation contacts,
 > lawyers working on master agreement development, and others relating to
 > preparation for our conference planned for Brazil next year.
 >
 > Please confirm your availability.
 >
 > Best regards,
 >
 > Pedro Martinez - Delgado
 > International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
 > 600 Fifth Avenue, 27th Floor
 > Rockefeller Center
 > New York, NY 10020-2302
 > Direct: (212) 332-1207
 > Fax: (212) 332-1212

 >
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>