
 
 Can you help Bryant with this?  Mary and Sara are both out tomorrow, Brent is supposed to get the form for the Commodity Logic matters finished and Francisco can't really take anything new until Monday.  I don't think Anne and Barbara have enough ISDA experience to look at somebody else's paper quickly.  If you are swamped, maybe you can get this started (I doubt if they even have credit approval yet) and somebody else can take it over next week.
 
 
     Importance: High
 
 
 I have taken a quick look at the schedules attached and unfortunately they are not standard ISDA schedules and are not in a form to which we can agree.  We can provide ISDA documentation to you tomorrow which would be satisfactory from a legal perspective but it will not be exactly the form attached to their e-mail.  We will also need Credit's approval and they rarely approve ISDA masters without any credit provisions.  There is an existing ISDA between ENA and an entity called Entergy-Koch Trading, LP which we would be able to use from our side but I don't know if that would work for them.  (It's existence might speed the negotiation process for an ISDA since we could pretty much duplicate its terms [except for credit and the additional provisions we require for regulated utilities] for Entergy.)
 
 
    Cc: Frihart, Bryant
  Importance: High
 
 
 Mark:
 
 	I am forwarding this to you for your delegation or response since it is a financial swap.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Jeff
 
 
     Importance: High
 
 
 Standard ISDA's are you comfortable with us proceeding?
 
 Thanks,
 
 Bryant
 
 
    (E-mail); Brian Rickers (E-mail); Diane Clark (E-mail); Doug Wittenberg
 (E-mail); Edgar Smith (E-mail); Gaye Seay (E-mail); Gordon Mayeaux
 (E-mail); Igor Gonta (E-mail); Janet Coy (E-mail); Jeff Perritt
 (E-mail); John Fahy (E-mail); John Shaw (E-mail); Karen McIlvoy
 (E-mail); Neal Stockham (E-mail); Robert Faitell (E-mail); Steve Bohanan
 (E-mail); Steve Wilburn (E-mail)
  Importance: High
 
 
  <<ISDA Master Agreement-EGSI.doc>>  <<ISDA Master Agreement-ELI.doc>>  
 <<ISDA Schedule for EGSI.doc>>  <<ISDA Schedule for ELI.doc>>  <<RPF Gas
 Hedge 10-5.doc>> 
 
 	Please see the attached RFP with attachments.  You can call Dave
 Sommers at 281-297-3502 if you have any questions.
 Thank you.
 
 	David Sommers