
 
 Marie -- I'm afraid I don't have anything on physical bandwidth at all.  It might make sense to check with the lawyers in EBS -- I would suggest you start with Cynthia Harkness and Robbi Rossi.
 
  
    Cc:	McBride, Jane; Heng, Choon-Boon; Enron London - EOL Product Control Group,
  
 Hi Mark
 
 Could you please advise on the due diligence that was done for Japan for physical bandwidth?  We are launching asian bandwidth, starting with a point to point Tokyo - LA.  Choon-Boon in SG would like assure himself that we have everything covered when we start trading.
 
 Thanks very much for your help in advance.
 Regards
 Marie, PCG London
 
 
 
     
 All EOL due diligence was performed under the direction of Mark Taylor (including any international due diligence) - he should know who has the information.
 
  
     
 Just a shot, but are you aware of any due diligence done for EOL in Japan?  I don't have anything.  Thanks,  m
 
  
    Cc:	Heng, Choon-Boon; Nettleton, David; Viverito, John; Hicks, Michelle
  
 For EOL - I am not sure that I have it; when was it done? - I  have copied Marcus Nettleton and John Viverito in the Legal Dept in Houston in case they do.
 For EBS - again, really not sure but Michelle Hicks in Houston may have something or at least may be able to help you find it.
 Jane McBride
 
 
  
    Cc:	Heng, Choon-Boon
  
 Hi Jane, 
 
 I wonder if you would be able to forward the due diligence that was done on Japan re EOL and physical Bandwidth to me and the two cc in on the e-mail above.
 Thank you!  (We are working on the singapore launch)
 Marie, PCG london
 
  
    Cc:	Brungs, Ian; Vickerman, James
  
 Marie
 
 I have copies of EOL due diligence for HK and Singapore (although this is very brief).  For Japan and Australia, this would have been done locally, so please contact David Minns (Australia) and Jane McBride (Japan)
 
 In terms of full (i.e.offline) due diligence, this would have been carried out by the braodband team (James Vickerman) - and he should be able to deal with your questions concerning additional legal issues.
 
 J
 
  
    Cc:	Heng, Choon-Boon; Enron London - EOL Product Control Group,
  
 Hi both of you
 
 In regard to the online due diligence that was done for the European EBS launch back in March/April - would you have any copies of documents for the following countries:
 
 Japan
 Australia
 Hong Kong
 Singapore
 
 If so, could you please forward them to me?  Choon-Boon Heng out in Houston is interested in reading them for his new product type launch for Asian physical bandwidth coming up in the beginning of September.
 
 If not, could you please advise whether there were any additional issues with online trading on top of off-line trading in regard to the above.  There will be point to points within these countries.
 
 Thank you very much and have a lovely weekend!
 Marie