
 
 NORTHERN NATURAL GAS COMPANY
 
 Submitted Title V Permit Renewal for Mullinville Compressor to the KDHE.
 
 Submittal of standard exemption documention for the NNG Kermit, Plainview, 
 Seminole and Brownfield C/S's were submitted to the TNRCC.
 
 TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE COMAPNY
 
 A conference call was held with Region IX EPA to discuss Redrock Expansion 
 issues related to the issuance of Title V air permits for Sat. 3 and 4 which 
 are on Indain lands.  The agency provided a tentative date of 7 weeks before 
 the the permits would be issued.  The EPA has required Transwestern to 
 respond to issues related to the Endangered Species Act prior to issuance of 
 the air permit.  Transwestern is in the process of preparing a biological 
 assessment for the properties within the facility fences of stations 3 and 4.
 
 A meeting was held with the Arizona DEQ to discuss what activities 
 Transwestern may participate in to assist the agency with the issuance of the 
 air permits for Station 1 and 2.  The agency gave a date of April 2002 as a 
 normal issue date.  Even under expidited conditions the date is expected to 
 be mid December of this year.  Transwestern plans on actively pursuing ADEQ's 
 management to determine if the date for issuance can be further decreased.  
 On a side note, under the current Arizona regulations, certain construction 
 activities can begin in leau of receiving the permit and include; foundation 
 construction, laying underground piping and consturction of permenant 
 underground structures. This wil benefit the inbitiation of the Redrock 
 construction prior to receivng the air permits for these stations. 
 
 
 EOTT
 
 Rawlins pump station was struck by lighting, causing a release and a loss of 
 crude and the tanks do to fire.  Visiting site Friday, September 21, 2001to 
 evaluate and for a clean up and remediation plan.
 
 continuation of 308 reporting for EOTT facilities in amarillo region.
 
 Remediaiton of EOTT Weatherford Station.
 
 GENERAL
 
 Attended the KDHE annual environmental conference in Hutchinson, Kansas.
 
 Completed Title V annual certifications for Texas and Oklahoma facilities.
 
 completed workbooks for Amarillo roundtable.