
 
 
 17 August 2001
 
 Brookhaven Energy Project Permit Application Ruled Complete by
 New York State Regulators
 
 (London - 17 August 2001) International Power plc, one of the world's
 leading independent power producers, today announces that the New York State
 Board on Electric Generation Siting and the Environment has accepted as
 complete its application to build the Brookhaven Energy Project on Long
 Island. The Siting Board's decision marks the beginning of the State's
 formal review process, and is a key regulatory milestone for the 580-
 megawatt natural gas fired electric generating facility. The ruling kicks-
 off a yearlong review process that will involve public hearings.
 
 International Power submitted the application for their proposed energy
 facility with the Siting Board, as required under Article X of the State of
 New York Public Service Law, on June 25, 2001. This application, which the
 State ruled as meeting the minimum requirements for compliance, addresses
 all of the pertinent environmental and siting issues of the project,
 including its design, location, fuel use, and air and water quality.
 
 "The New York Siting Board's ruling puts us a step closer to providing Long
 Island with a clean and affordable new source of electric power," said Peter
 Giller, International Power's Chief Executive Officer. "We are planning to
 begin construction of Brookhaven in the third quarter of next year and
 expect to have the plant in service by the end of 2004," he added.
 
 For additional information, please contact:
 
 Media contact:
 (Europe)
 Aarti Singhal
 +44 (0)20-7320-8681
 
 Media & Investor contact:
 (United States)
 Paul Parshley
 +1 508-922-3124
 
 Notes to Editors-
 
 The Brookhaven Energy project is proposed for development on 28 acres of
 industrially zoned land just south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 66
 and along the southeast corner of Sills Road in the Town of Brookhaven. When
 completed, the plant will provide enough energy to power over half a million
 homes. The project will also result in additional significant benefits to
 the region, including job creation and substantial tax benefits.
 
 International Power plc is one of the world's leading independent electric
 generating companies with over 8,850 MW (net) in operation, 2,350 MW (net)
 under construction and approximately 8,000 MW (net) in advanced development.
 Among the countries where International Power has operating facilities are
 Australia, the United States, the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic,
 Portugal, Turkey, Malaysia, Pakistan, and Thailand. International Power was
 created from the demerger of National Power, and its shares began trading
 independently on the London Stock Exchange and as ADRs on the New York Stock
 Exchange on 2 October 2000. The ticker symbol on both stock exchanges
 is "IPR".
 
 
 To unsubscribe please go to
 <http://www.internationalpowerplc.com/unsubscribe.htm>
 
 
 		