
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Judy Townsend/HOU/ECT on 12/27/2000 02:10 
 PM ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 


   Conference
 
 FYI.  At the last technical conference, National Fuel agreed to provide two 
 hours notice on intra-day recalls, up from their one-hour proposal.  We will 
 track their filing to make sure they don't file something else.
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Rebecca W Cantrell/HOU/ECT on 12/19/2000 
 01:16 PM ---------------------------
 
 

    Conference
 
 
 David Reitz of National Fuel indicated that the pipeline is back to its 
 position before the last technical conference with regard to keeping the TBF 
 fee a part of the imbalance resolution process as opposed to making it a 
 separate service.  As a fall back position, National Fuel will seek guidance 
 from FERC as to whether it should be made into a new service.  To make PA OCA 
 happy, David Reitz indicated that any future proposal will incorporate the 
 50-50 sharing that is in the current proposal.
 
 National Fuel plans to make a revised pro forma tariff filing in mid-January 
 and inform FERC that this filing resulted from the collaborative effort of 
 parties to the proceeding.  The filing will have reservation of rights 
 language that preserves National Fuel's right to file something completely 
 different when it files to place the revised tariff sheets into effect.  
 Prior to making the filing, National Fuel will circulate the explanatory 
 transmittal letter and pro forma tariff sheets, and will flag any changes 
 made to the pro forma tariff sheets.  This pre-filing circulation should 
 occur some time during the first two weeks in January.
 
 Nothing was said about the intra-day recall provisions.
 
 

 
 Yes, please.  I have another meeting, so I probably won't be able to dial
 in.  What are the directions, just in case?
 
 Let me know if they try to make any changes in the intraday recall
 provisions.
 
 Thanks.
 
 
 
 
 

 
          Conference
 
 
 Do you want us to participate in the telephone conference tomorrowat 10:00
 Eastern time?  I haven't seen any revised tariff sheets, so I'm not quite
 sure what will be discussed besides National Fuel's decision not to make
 the TBF service a separate service.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
