
 
 Michael, our liquids data collections have been pretty lean.  Its only been 
 in the last couple of months where we have actually collected any arsenic 
 data.  I will send to you what data have have with respect to arsenic, 
 including some historic reserch in the Abo field of southeast New Mexico 
 where the arsenic is generated from down hole.  The source is not so much 
 from what is coming out of the wells (catalyst towers were installed in the 
 late 80's to trap the arsenic) as the residual which has collected in the 
 pipeline prior to the installation of the catalyst towers.......
 
 
 
 



  
  
 
 
 Gentlemen:
 
 We should be concluding discssions today with regard to the contracting and
 scope of work issues for our project with Penn State.  A number of data
 needs have been identified.  Please review available information for the
 following:
 
 Larry - Information related to arsenic - analytical/source informaition.
 Last three months of analytical on liquids from the pipeline.  We probably
 ought to pull together the liquids information from late 1998 to present.
 Sampling and lab protocols.  Any Liquids composition analysis.
 
 Earl - Station Three and Four Schematics, Alignment sheets (focus on Section
 4 so we do not overwhelm the Professor's team). Gas composition analysis
 (primarily Needles).
 
 Eric - please forward this to Ben Asante, Terry Gallassini, Frank Osborne
 and  information/format to send to the Professor's team .
 
 Ben and Terry -  what modeling information/software can we share with Penn
 State??
 
 Frank - Mike left you a message about contacting the Professor's team on the
 method by which we can transfer materials electronically rather than killing
 an entire forest for the paper copies.  This is an enginerring facility so
 they likely have similar capablities to us.
 
 We will follow up when we return.
 
 Louie S. and David R.
 
 The Professor's phone number is :
 
 Michael A. Adewumi,
 Professor of Petroleum & Natural Gas Engineering,
 Department of Energy & GeoEnvironmental Engineering,
 The Pennsylvania State University,
 202 Hosler Bldg.,
 University Park, PA 16802
 (814) 863-2816
 (814) 863-1875 (FAX)
 
 
 
