
 
 Tiny, Jeff and Mansoor,
 
 Please see the schedule for our meeting with Questar on Tuesday.  Mansoor and I will be arriving into Farmington from Albuquerque at 12:40.  We can meet you guys at the Williams plant site near the 1:00 timeframe.  
 
 Jeff, I apologize that I have not spoken with you yet about a possible interconnect with Southern Trails, I will try to call you tomorrow so we can discuss.  If you schedule permits, I would very much like for you to attend this meeting with us.  
 
 Many thanks, 
 
 Kim Watson
 
 






  
 
 In order to accommodate different travel schedules, and to have an opportunity to visit with each company separately and then together, we have developed the following schedule for meetings: 
 
 10:00 a.m. - Meeting with Questar and TransColorado 
 11:00 a.m. - Meeting with Questar and Williams 
 12:00 p.m. - Group Lunch 
 1:00 p.m. - TransWestern arrives/Site visit with entire group
 1:30 p.m. - Meeting with Questar and TransWestern
 (Dress will be casual.)
 
 Questar will provide morning refreshments and lunch at the Williams meeting place.  We wish to thank the Williams people for allowing us to use the facility.
 
 We hope this schedule will work for all parties.  If you have any questions or concerns, please call either Jodi Starley at (801) 324-2082, or Gaylen Haag at (801) 324-5133.
 Also, attached is a map with directions to the Blanco site for those out of town visitors who may need it.
 Thanks again for your cooperation and we look forward to our visit.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      