
 
 Ed the 6" project you are talking about is a small project independant of 
 Rogas where a 6"line will be constructed from North Coles and run above 
 ground, if possible, to a tie in approx. 1 mile away.  We will need a waiver 
 for this.  There  wont be any by pass crossing concerns and  only ocal 
 notifications due to the efforts to run the pipe above ground.  The reason 
 for constructing above ground is to minimize surface disturbance.  Im sure 
 that one of the conditions of the approval for this construction actiivty is 
 that EOTT wil be required to maintain integrity of the pipeline to ensure no 
 releases.....inspections, reporting etc....  Ill keep you in the loop on 
 this.....
 
 

 
  R equirements  
 
 Thanks for the update.
 
 I can indeed confirm that we have the 2081 in place.  (But, to be precise, it 
 was not ARCO Energy's 2081; it was a 2081 that was issued in the first 
 instance to Koch that was assigned to us.  So, make sure the 2081 you are 
 working off of is the Memorandum of Understanding between fish and game and 
 Koch, and not a permit issued to Arco.)
 
 Also, according to Kenny M, West Coast Environ is working on some other 
 permit for the 6-inch line (I don't recall exactly what it is, but Kenny can 
 tell you.  Unfortunately, the handoff from Gary to you folks seems to have 
 left us in a bit of disarray, so it'll all have to be tracked down this 
 way.)  Pehaps you can crack the whip on West Coast re this also?  Thanks. 
 --ETA
 
 
 

 	02/01/01 10:39 AM
 		



 		  R equirements
 
 With respect to the environmental clearances and permits for the Rogas 
 project, here is where we presently stand.
 
 2081 State Fish and Game Permit.  According to the North Coles facility, Ed 
 Attanasio has a letter from Koch authorizing transfer of the ARCO Energy 2081 
 permit to EOTT.
 
 10A1B Federal US Fish and Wildlife Permit for EOTT.  I have checked on the 
 status of this permit  which will be issued to EOTT by  the USFWS and am in 
 the process of trying to push it along.  The wheels of govt. sometime move 
 pretty slow.  We are waiting for written approval from USFWS to the Kern 
 Water Bank approving of EOTT using the KWB 10A1B permit  use for the Rogas 
 project only.  this letter is expected by the end of next week.   I will keep 
 everyone updated.   
 
 The biologist is ready and waiting for a start date to begin her surveys and 
 has stated that the cold temperatures may cause her to delay her sampling and 
 survey work as mandated by the Department of Fish and Game.  
 
 The issue of the water by pass channel crossing is still in progress.  We 
 will need approval under 404 Nationwide Permit, 1603 streambed alteration 
 notification approval and State Reg Board Authorization.  I have contacted 
 the consultant Gary has been using for assistance with these applications and 
 they are sending  applications to my attention.  The signed and completed 
 packets  will be going out fed-x tomorrow.  I would expect a 30 day waiting 
 period before these documents are signed by the agencies, however, because 
 these approvals apply only to the by pass channel feature, this should not 
 delay initial construction of the project .
 
 I have prepared the stormwater permit application for construction activities 
 which are required for construction activities greater than 5 acres.    
 
 
 
 
 Matt Hughes
 01/31/2001 08:29 AM
 
 
   
  R equirements
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Matt Hughes/ET&S/Enron on 01/31/2001 
 09:29 AM ---------------------------
 
 




 
  R equirements
 
 
 1) We have the permit and drawing for boring the Kern County Water Agencies
 Cross Valley Canal. I will also contact Helt Engineering for the canal
 profile and Soils Engineering for the soil analysis.
 
 2) Permits for Hwy 43 and Interstate 5 are state Permits through Caltrans,
 at this time we have not received the permits. Helt Engineering has
 repeatedly made calls but are having difficulty getting anyone to answer
 the phone. I have asked them to notify Caltrans of who is the contractor
 for the project. Alan if you can provide me with the name of the boring
 contractor I will provide that information at the same time. If I do not
 have an answer soon I will make a trip to Fresno and see what I can find
 out. Matt, Floyd Little is the contact for Caltrans, you probably remember
 the problems you had when you tried to contact him.
 
 3) Gary Fuller put West Coast Environmental in charge of obtaining a permit
 for crossing the Kern River By-Pass channel from the Army Corp of
 Engineers. As we discussed last week the application for the permit had not
 been filed. Larry Campell with the environmental department has been asked
 to contact West Coast Environmental for the status of the permit
 application. I will provide the drawing, permit and permit requirements
 when we receive them.
 
 4) I will gather copies of the conditions and requirements from the water
 districts and provide that to Alan.
 
 5) We have not received the Fish and Games approval at this time. When we
 receive it and have final approval from our environmental and legal
 departments I will provide the Permit to Alan.
 
 As you know we are at the States mercy on obtaining these permits. We are
 shooting for the two week starting date as mention earlier. I will keep you
 informed.
 
 
 
 
                                                                               
            
                     


                                           (E-mail)"                  

 Kenny                  

 "Erickson, Doug"  

 Kevin"        
                                          


            
                                           Rogas       
                                          Interconnect - Permit & Property 
 Owner R        
                                          
 equirements                                     
                                                                               
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Once we secure all these permits and schedule work, we will provide copies
 to you.
 
 Kenny/Ed--
 Are we still on track to start in <= 2 weeks?
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
        equirements
 
 Matt,
 
 In order for Ken Small Construction to plan and schedule the work in the
 most economic manner we would like the following information in hand prior
 to starting field construction work.
 
 1) Copy of permit from Kern County Water Agency for the Cross Valley Canal
 with the drawing that was submitted for permit application.
 
 2) Copy of permit from Kern County for the Enos Lane crossing with drawing
 that was submitted for permit application, also I need to get KSCI listed
 as
 contractor on permit.
 
 3) Copy of permit from Caltrans for the I-5 crossing with drawing that was
 submitted for permit application, also I need to get KSCI listed as rider
 along with bore contractor.
 
 4) Copy of permit from Army Corps of Engineers for the Kern River crossing
 with drawing that was submitted for permit application, along with any
 conditions required.
 
 5) Copy of Fish & Game, Kern Water Bank Authority, Buena Vista Water
 Storage
 and West Kern Water requirements or conditions for construction of the
 pipelines.
 
 Your help in letting KSCI know the status of the above permits as soon as
 possible will also help to set up a workable schedule that we can utilize
 for our construction purposes.
 
 
 Alan R. Hart
 Senior Estimator
 Phone (661) 391-2139
 Pager (661) 329-7691
 Fax (661) 393-0651

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
