
 
 Earl,
 
 We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).  As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.  Our in-service date is May 1.  If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.  Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.
 
 Thanks, Kim.
 
  
     
 Kim
 
 Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date?
 
 Thanks
 Earl Chanley
 505-625-8031
 
 
 
 
  
    Cc:	Rapp, Bill
  
 All,
 
 Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.  I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.  It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.  Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.  You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.  If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.  Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.   Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.  
 
 We hope to execute this Agreement this week.  If you have any comments, please let me know.  After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
 
 Thanks, 
 Kim    713-853-3098
 
  << File: Questar So Trails Hub Interconnect 02-05-02.doc >> 
  