
 
 FYI, Kim.
 
  
    Cc:	Schoolcraft, Darrell; Asante, Ben; Francis, Matt; Graves, Jerry; Alters, Dennis; Sturn, John; Watson, Kimberly; Smith, Rick; Whippo, Jeff; Jones, Vera; Jones, Timothy
  
 Team, please make arrangements with Darryl and Gallup to dry pig the lateral.  After dry pigging we would like to take another look at the lateral to insure eff.'s are still low before proceeding with spending the dollars to reapply the DRA.  You might also touch base with the contractor to check availability for the April/May time frame.  
 
 Vera/Tim, we will keep you advised of the schedule to insure plan dollars remain in the appropriate month.
 
 Ben, can you provide estimated volumes to Jerry for scheduling purposes assuming that like last time we have to pig between 5 to 7 mph to apply the DRA.  
 
 As we move forward and following the dry pigging results we will set up a conf. call to better coordinate activities as necessary.
 
 Questions or concerns????
 
    
  
 Tiny,
 The Ignacio line efficiencies are still unacceptably low. We've also seen about a 2-3 % decrease in line efficiencies on the Bloomfield to Gallup segment (particularly the Bloomfield-Bisti section) since we applied the DRA last spring. 
 It will be a good idea to pig and re-apply  the Bloomfield-Gallup section again in April, and hopefully have the launcher and receiver installed for the Ignacio line in the fall (I understand the pipeline integrity group will cover this cost).
 
 If there are no concerns or issues I suggest we go ahead and plan for these.
 Ben
 
  
    Cc:	Whippo, Jeff; Schoolcraft, Darrell; Matthews, Ron; Graves, Jerry; Watson, Kimberly
  
 Ben, need to know how the San Juan Lateral eff. is holding up so that we can better estimate when O&M budgets may be impacted this year from pigging type activities.  I know you took a good look at this segment prior to moving into tariff last year and now as we approach the non tariff months this year we need you to take another look to insure no potential problems exist.  
 
 Jerry, please correct me if I am wrong, but at this time no planned outage has been posted for this activity YTD. 
 
 
