
 
 10-4.  I saw a picture of Dustin's deer, pretty nice.  someone from BLM told me a deer came in from the sandhills east of town that was 29" and non typical.  I also heard of some deer that were taken north of town that were pretty nice also (16-24"). Dont you think it s funny that we spend all kinds of money and time traveling to all our secret spots and the big ones are right in our back yard?
 
  Im planning on taking some time off for the holidays, so If I dont hear from you have a wonderful Christmas and keep your focus on the Lord, He's our only salvation.  So often we look to other things to give us security and joy and we so often forget, that for those that love Him and have confessed Him as our Savior He is our strength and hope of a future eternal glory.....May God be your source of strength, Merry Christmas...
 
  
     
 Thanks this will help us.
  
    Cc:	Bailey, Arnie
  
 Rich, concerning the environmental liabilities which may impact Transwestern if Duke should direct the liquids from their 8" line into the pipeline liquids tank at Wt-1, I have a concern.  
 
 The liquids that are generated in the 8" line are exempt from hazardous waste regulations (RCRA) as long as they stay in the Duke line and are not transfered and collect in a mainline tank.  Because WT-1 is a mainline compressor station, any chemicals or compounds which are regulated under Subtitle C of RCRA  become the responsibility of the owner of the mainline tank.  Within the past few years, we have experienced the collection of regulated liquids at Wt-1 which were not placed there by Tranwestern.  Chemicals which producers and processing, upstream of Wt-1, have placed downhole to enhance gas production and other agents such as corrosion inhibitors and pipeline solvents have found their way into our tank and we have paid for the disposal.  Unfortunately, there is no way to segregate the bad materials from the good recycleable materials.
 
 Based upon this, I would recommend that we not allow Dukes pipeline liquids to collect into our tank.   