
 
 Mr. Stewart, as per you voice mail request to me on Feb. 20, 2001, attached 
 is the correspondance concerning the reqeust to replace the mixing valves 
 with carbuerators at the Northern Natural Gas, Spraberry Plant.   The players 
 in this activity included Jon Fields of Argent Consulting.  Due to the fact 
 that the pre testing data for the emissions from the mixing valves and the 
 post testing data for emissions from the carbuerators were received in hard 
 copy only, I am not able to provide this as an attachment.  This data was, 
 however, sent to you via fed-x on January 24, 2001.  If needed, I can 
 resubmit the results of the data for your review.   As expected, the 
 emissions levels did decrease when the carbs were installed. 
 
 Please reveiw the attached correspondance concerning the request to replace 
 the mixing valves at the Spraberry Plant (TNRCC account No. ML-0022-W) with 
 carbuerators without requiring involvement of a permitting activity.  Thank 
 you for your consideration in this issue.
 
 
    
 
 
     
 Jon, Here's the latest comment from Jim:
 don't see why a test before the change and after the change using the same
 analyzer would not demonstrate no increase in emissions.
 DFS
 
 

 Duncan,
 Ok.  We'll test an engine.  This project involves 5 identical engines.  We
 want to test just one - will you accept that?  Will you accept portable
 analyzer test results?  These analyzers have been certified by the state of
 New Mexico to be plus/minus 3% from full trailer tests.
 Thanks,
 Jon
 
 
    Cc: Jim Linville; James Randall
  
 FYI
 >>> Jim Linville 08/28/00 02:21PM >>>
 IF there is no increase in emissions, this is probably not a modification
 and the Grandfathered status would remain.  They would need to demonstrate
 that there is no change.  This could require testing before and after the
 change.
 >>> Duncan Stewart 08/28/00 01:43PM >>>
 What say you all?
 
 
    Cc: Jim Linville
  
 Hi Jon,
 This is a joint Duncan - Jim Linville reply.
 First, for all intents and purposes, expect GF status to go away when the
 legislature comes back to town.  With that in mind, what exactly is
 happening with this engine.  Does the carburetor replace the mixer valves?
  If so, this must be one ancient engine!  And unlikely to get in under VERP
 or any other program designed to end GF status.  Tell us more.
 Duncan

 Duncan,
 I have some grandfathered gas compressor engines in west Texas.  We are
 going to change out the old mixer valves and install carburetors on the
 units as a maintenance activity.  Horsepower and emissions will not
 increase.  I can maintain my grandfathered status, correct?  We will of
 course document this activity and provide copies to the regional office.
 Thanks,
 Jon Fields
 Argent Consulting
