
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by V Charles Weldon/HOU/ECT on 01/29/2001 
 10:23 AM ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 



















   
 
 	
 
 
 
 
 Okay the results are in, and they are ugly.
  Enron's offer acceptance rate from UT was a whopping 2 candidates this year.
 
 This is out of 9 offers extended!
 
 
 I sent an email hoping to spike interest in the UT team to go to Austin, 
 generate interest in first year candidates and to have fun over a few toddies 
 before interviews.
 
 So far I have had no confirmed response for this event.  Please keep in mind, 
 for this to be a successful Spring recruiting season the participation of 
 team members is needed.  Even though a major complaint from candidates was 
 our salary ranges, I also feel the team and I did a poor job of candidate 
 cultivation. Campus recruiting is fun, but it also takes dedication and team 
 work.  We must really show a strong presence on campus this Spring in order 
 to show the candidates how exciting Enron truly can be.  Part of the 
 attraction for any candidate is to work for a company whose employees have 
 fun attitudes and personalities.  I know most of you possess these attributes 
 so lets take that to campus and get some awesome intern candidates!
 
 In order to help solve the schedule problems that some of you expressed I am 
 changing the date.  Please see below:
 
 What:  First Year Candidate Cultivation and Targeting Opportunity
 
 When:  Tuesday, February 6th
 
 Where:  Scholz's Bier Garten, or Fado Irish Pub
 
 Time:  7:00pm to ?
 
 We will hold this event on a Tuesday since we can partner it with the Eyes of 
 Texas Career Fair and because the closed list is due 2 days later.  The whole 
 purpose of this event is to gather names of interested and qualified 
 candidates and to get Enron's name back on campus.
 
 *  If you are able to attend the Eyes of Texas Career Fair as well that event 
 will begin at 2pm and end at 5:30pm. 
 
 If you are interested and/or have suggestions on how to make this event more 
 successful please contact me immediately.  
 
 
 
 Thank you,
 
 Kristin Gandy
 Associate Recruiter
 713-345-3214 
