
 
 Dave,
 
 Just wondering if you have had a chance to consider these new risk management 
 tools we are considering.
 
 
 Thanks!
 
 Charlie Weldon
 Enron Corp - Houston
 ---------------------- Forwarded by V Charles Weldon/HOU/ECT on 12/14/2000 
 10:10 AM ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
    
 Dave,
 
 Thanks for taking time to talk with me the other day.   To recap what I was
 asking you to consider, we at  Enron currently have two different weather
 derivative products under development that we believe could be of interest
 to Dupont.   One of the products involves protection against
 hurricane-related production disruptions.  The exact form of the product
 could vary but would generally provide for coverage against lost revenues
 due to hurricane warnings or general proximity of hurricanes near the
 coastline.  We would be able to structure this offer with maximum
 flexibility with regard to category of hurricane, level of coverage, exact
 proximity, and pricing (swaps or options).
 
 The other product line we are considering is a drought-related product that
 keys off of low riverflow values on various river basins in Texas.   We
 believe that the Guadalupe River in particular is susceptible to extremely
 low riverflow values that could potentially result in production
 disruptions to the downstream chemical industry that relies on the river to
 meet cooling needs.  A review of 50 years of riverflow data (from the US
 geological survey) suggests that if a drought of the magnitude of the one
 in the 1950's were to reoccur, there is potential for multiple prolonged
 production disruptions to many of the large chemical plants on this river,
 including the Victoria Dupont plant.   The exact form of coverage offerred
 would again depend on your specific needs.
 
 Both of these products are in a stage that we need to determine whether or
 not there is sufficient market interest to warrant further development.
 Your feedback on whether or not these products might be of any interest to
 you would be greatly appreciated.
 
 On one other note, you mentioned that the agricultural business of Dupont
 was considering some rainfall derivative contracts for hedging purposes.
 We are very interested in discussing your needs versus our capabilities
 with regard to this type of product.   Our marketing contact for this
 subject is Valter Stoiani and he can be contacted by phone at 713-853-6906

 
 
 Thanks again,
 
 Charlie Weldon
 Enron Corp - Houston
 713-345-7229
 
 
