
 
 Mike,
 
 I noticed that your name was not on the distribution list for these exchanges so I am forwarding them to you to catch you up.  I have faxed the #2 Diesel Fuel specs along with those for jet fuel to Matt Tezyk who has been coordinating the effort to consolidate the spec.  He said he would share these with all the riight parties so the decision can be made as to whether we decide to take regular low-sulphur #2, jet fuel, or pursue some other path.
 
 Please let me know if you have any questions.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Charlie Weldon
 
 
 
 
    
 Yesterday I faxed a copy of Colonial Pipeline's specifications for fungible low sulfur diesel fuel (74 grade) to Mark Breese. That spec sheet is indicative of the specs for low sulfur diesel in Florida. It must be remembered that Florida has no refineries nor product pipelines and receives their fuel via barges and vessels from domestic and international refineries and terminals. Will forward Colonial jet fuel (54 grade) specs. 
 
 
    
 
 	Enron North America Corp.   		
 
 
    
 Doug,
 
 Attached is the (long-awaited) spec for the 200K gallons of low-sulphur #2 Fuel Oil to partially refill the tank at the Ft. Pierce facility in Florida.
 As the attached note describes, the final spec is a result of the combined spec requirements by the environmental permit, MHI (Mitsubishi), and Engineering.
 
 We currently believe that some of these specs may be more stringent than what is commercially available.  In the event that some of these specs are too stringent, we would like you to: 1) identify which specs are not reasonably attainable, and 2) suggest what value of these specs are attainable.   Your feedback will be shared with the appropriate parties and, assuming there are spec change recommendations, these parties will determine how best to proceed.  
 
 Please note that the first attached note requests than any bids we get contain info on density, heating value, and trace contaminants.  Additionally, the second attached note references getting multiple bids for different specs.  I suggest that, for now, we resolve the spec issue internally as described above and then we obtain quotes.   If you have any other suggestions on how best to proceed, your input is welcome.
 
 Your assistance in this matter is, and has been, greatly appreciated.
 
 
 Thanks,
 
 Charlie Weldon
 
 
 
 
 

 05/09/2001 01:56 PM
    
 Charles,
 
 	Attached below is the fuel oil specification.  Our Engineering group has reviewed all Vendor and Air Permit requirements, and the sheet labeled "Fuel Oil Spec" is the fuel oil specification.  The sheet labeled "Comparison Specs" is the other data you requested for comparison.  When using the fuel oil specification to purchase fuel, please have the vendors provide the following information:
 
 Density at reference temperature
 Heating Values at reference temperature
 Maximum trace contaminant limits:
 	chromium
 	arsenic
 	siloxenes
 	copper corrosivity
 	cetane index
 	cetane number
 
 Thank you,
 
 Matt
 
 
 
 
 Ray McPhail
 05/09/2001 09:37 AM
    
 Matt-
 
 I talked with Bill Fox and Doug Ottens concerning the fuel spec.  In order for MHI to meet the particulate emissions, we must provide a fuel oil with no ash.  Additionally, vanadium is a catalyst poison, so to meet the CMI needs, I reduced the vanadium.
 
 I am attaching a revised fuel oil spec matrix, which has four fuel specs included.  The first column meets the minimum requirements of MHI & CMI.  The second column holds the ash at the low value, but allows the vanadium to increase.  The third column holds the low vanadium value, but allows the ash to increase.  The last column allow both the ash and vanadium to increase.
 
 ENA will need to get bids for column 1 and may want to solicit bids for column 2, 3, & 4 for economic comparison purposes.
 
 Ray
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 <Embedded StdOleLink>
 <Embedded StdOleLink>