
 
 just thought i would send you this link to see if we could both connect to 
 this site and talk to each other
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT on 04/05/2000 03:08 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 


    
 
 Let's talk! 
 
 Hey Greg! It was terrific seeing you and Mary at the wedding (thought I wish 
 I had spent more time talking to Mary). Now that I'm back in the office, I 
 thought I'd send you this invitation to talk.  In theory, as long as you are 
 using Windows, it should work, though I've had recent reports of some 
 problems with Netscape.  When you get a mic and you think I might be on-line 
 at work, just click the link below, agree to the certificate, and we should 
 be connected. If it doesn't work, I'll have to call you to walk you through a 
 demo of our other stuff. Let me know. Take care, Henri P.S.  Ulrich is still 
 so *serious*! 
 
 To join me in a live voice chat, click here: 
 

 
 P.S.  If you go there and don't find me, I might not be on-line anymore.  In 
 any event, you can bookmark my web address to connect later. 
 
 Also - the first time you connect might take a little longer than usual:  you 
 might need to wait for your browser to be VoiceCONTACT enabled. 
 
 
 About HearMe(tm) VoiceCONTACT(tm): 
 
 Currently HearMe VoiceCONTACT only works with Microsoftc Windowsc  operating 
 systems.  The browser requirement is Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 or 
 better, Netscape 4.08 or better, or AOL. 
 
 HearMe VoiceCONTACT is the easiest way to talk to friends over the Internet.  
 VoiceCONTACT provides top quality live voice technology for talking to any 
 number of friends simultaneously. Unlike conventional voice-over-Internet 
 products, your friends do not need to download or install anything:  all they 
 need is a standard browser. 
 
 To find out more and get your own copy, click the link above, and then click 
 the "Get Your Own VoiceCONTACT" button. 
 
 HearMe and VoiceCONTACT are trademarks of HearMe. 
 
 
