
 
 Randy, I tried to send you a note about a week ago about my elk hunt but it came back undelivered.  I thought you might have changed your address.  Guess I typed it in by mistake. (age does that to you sometimes).  Yes, things are stressful, but as you eluded to God doesnt give His kids a spirit of fear, but confidence that He is in control.  I never thought I d see the Enron empire tumble, but when you torture and strangle a corporation hard enough and long enough, eventually it gives up and surrenders.  There is a push underway to isolate the pipelines from the Enron umbrella and make all business units with money making assets separate from the rest of Enron.  Transwestern is definately a money making asset, and that is what may keep me afloat.  Well see.  Anyway, as long as I keep my focus on Jesus and keep reminding myself of that which is important (family and health) I know Ill come through all of this.
 
 Sorry to hear that there is the word "reorganization"  in Hess.  this kind of stuff generally never does anything but upset employees and create a period of time when nobody is productive.  I hate this kind of stuff. I know that change is inevitable, but so disruptive.  Ill keep you in prayer. Isnt it great to have the confidence and assurance that we serve a big enough God, that He can handle all our problems?  Keep the faith......my friend and focus on the eternal.  Just like Peter wrote, were just pilgrims in a foregin land, waiting for the trip home and promise of Christ's return.        
 
 
     
 
 Larry, 
 I have been thinking of you a lot with all of the Enron stuff going on.  You
 and your family are in my prayers because I know what a strain this kind of
 uncertainty can put on a person.  We are also facing layoffs this coming
 January.  We have a new president and are going through a restructuring.  So
 we are all uncertain if we will have a job this coming February.  Keep me
 posted on how things are going with you.  I will be praying for you.  At
 least we have the knowledge that God is in control and that nothing happens
 to us that is not first filtered through His everlasting love.
 
 Your brother,
 Randy