
 



  Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - White, Stacey W.\Sent Items
 X-Origin: WHITE-S
 X-FileName: stacy white 7-15-02.PST
 
 We will be running a December MTD DPR tomorrow.  Before we start this process please recalc the East, West, Eastbank, & Westbank portfolios to AdHoc.  Check one more time that only terminated counterparties are in the Bank portfolios and all terminated counterparties are out of the East and West portfolios.
 
 Before kicking off the calcs, double check the specific deals that are listed on the Physical Power Terminated spreadsheet.  I believe there were whole deals moved to the Bank portfolios by Will that should never have been moved, because they were already liquidated in November.  Also, I have attached a new copy of the physical terminations.  There is one counterparty (TXU) added to the list that we need to take care of before kicking off the calcs.  In addition to adjusting deal entry for TXU we also need to adjust scheduling.
 
 Before recalcing the Bank portfolios, please contact Debbie Brackett or Stephanie McGinnis (4-2022) to make sure that they have extracted the data they need from the portfolios.
 
 We should still be calcing on 'No True-up'.  Casey, I know you said this probably will still cause us trouble.  At this point, we are going for reasonableness with numbers.  All the previous top-levels in our rolls (as of the 3rd or 4th) will stay as top-levels until we know the exact amount of cash that is being attributed to power.  The remaining prior day values will be held in Schedule E for Georgeanne to move to a balance sheet account.  These top levels should match the total value of your Bankruptcy portfolios.  Where I think it will get tricky is that we are calculating as of the 18th and have transactions in the Bankruptcy portfolio that are before the 18th and therefore will fall into your liquidations.  These numbers will also have to moved to Schedule E.
 
 When running through liquidations in the East and West portfolios, we will not be flat.  Currently, we are liquidating all non-terminated counterparties other than those specifically negotiated out of by scheduling.  (Thresa and I are working on this with Corry and Cara).  The settlements group will figure out what the counterparty agrees with through the check-out and ultimately the clean-up process.
 
 Tomorrow should be a blast - I can't wait!!!
 
 Stacey
 
  