
 
 Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 B X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - White, Stacey W.\Sent Items
 X-Origin: WHITE-S
 X-FileName: stacy white 7-15-02.PST
 
 See point 2 below - just wanted you to be on the lookout for MidAmerican.
 
 Stacey
 
  
    Cc:	Sager, Elizabeth; Nettelton, Marcus; Hansen, Leslie; Murphy, Harlan; Moore, Janet H.; Bentley, Corry; White, Stacey W.; Miller, Don (Asset Mktg); Tricoli, Carl; Baughman, Edward; Miller, Jeffrey; Presto, Kevin M.; Davis, Mark Dana; Sturm, Fletcher J.; Arora, Harry; Gilbert-smith, Doug; Suarez, John; Bradford, William S.
  Importance:	High
 
 1.  The cc'd individuals shown above are to be cc'd on each e-mail communication relating to terminations by the counterparties shown below which have not yet terminated. Communication on termination notices coming in should be made as soon as possible after receipt from the counterparty. Please try to assure that any termination notices reaching the 6th floor credit war room are brought to you ASAP for review.  Starting today, those counterparties shown in red may be receiving performance from EPMI on any given day going forward.  To serve our commercial purposes, we are hoping to get the time beween receipt of wholesale power side terminations and their review and internal acknowledgment on your spreadsheet and among the referenced persons reduced to a maximum of 24 hours.   
 
 2.  I am confirming back to you that MidAmerican Energy Company has delivered to EPMI a 1-2-02 notice of termination, terminating effective 1-4-02 all wholesale power transactions under its Master Power Purchase & Sale Agreement with EPMI dated 11-13-01. Please reflect this on your next issued spreadsheet.
 
  
    Cc:	Nettelton, Marcus; Sager, Elizabeth; Hansen, Leslie; Murphy, Harlan; Miller, Don (Asset Mktg); Presto, Kevin M.; Portz, David
  Importance:	High
 
 Stephanie and Susan -- This remains a priority.  Please e-mail those persons identified above when a termination letter comes in from any of the below-listed East Power counterparties, and give a copy of the letter received to one of the listed power trading attorneys for immediate review.  Following a meeting this afternoon we will have a moire fully defined procedure and distribution list of names for communicating regarding the listed counterparties.  I will visit with you this morning so that we work out any questions you may have about this.  Thanks. --David
  
  
    Cc:	Nettelton, Marcus; Sager, Elizabeth; Hansen, Leslie; Murphy, Harlan
  
 Stephanie -- Please keep watch for termination letters coming in from any of these counterparties and make me aware immediately of anything received --also Elizabeth Sager, Marcus, Harlan and Leslie.  We may be resuming the scheduling of power with these counterparties but will not do so with a party that has terminated its enabling agreement(s) with EPMI.  Thanks.
 
 
 Restore Service List     21 Dec. 01
 
 AES New Energy
 Alcoa Power Geenerating
 Ameren  [Portz, David]  terminated by letter dated 12-18-01 
 BECO (Boston Electric)
 Cargill Alliant LLC
 Central Maine
 Citizens Communications Co 
 CP&L (Carolina Power & Light)
 DTE Energy Trading
 Entergy Services
 First Energy Solutions [Portz, David]   terminated effective 1- 2 -02 by letter dated 12-21-01 
 Green Mountain Power Corp.
 GPU Service  [Portz, David]   terminated effective 1-21-02 by letter dated 12-21-01  
 HQ Energy Services (Hydro Quebec) [Portz, David]    terminated effective 1-1-02 by letter dated 12-18-01 
 IP&L (Indiana Power & Light)
 LG&E (LG&E Energy Marketing)
 Minnesota Power & Light
 NIMO (Niagara Mohawk Energy
 NSTAR Electric 
 OG&E (OGE Energy Resources)
 Select Energy 
 Southern Illinois
 Split Rock Energy
 Taunton Municipal Light
 TXU Energy Trading
 UI (United Illuminating [Portz, David]  terminated by letter dated 12-21-01 
 VEPCO (Virginia Electric Power Co.)
 Wisconsin Electric 
 
 
  
     
  << File: EPMI List.xls >>  << File: Letter Log 12-20.xls >> 
 
 Attached is a list of the EPMI terminations.  The 12-20 list may contain additional EPMI counterparties that have not yet been added to the Master List.