
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - White, Stacey W.\Sent Items
 X-Origin: WHITE-S
 X-FileName: stacy white 7-15-02.PST
 
 Thanks for the update.  I finally talked to him also.  The message you just told me, is what I communicated to Samantha.  Whenever or if ever, you find out more specifics re: Portland estate, please let me know.
  
 Stacey
 
 
     
 
 Talked to Tim last night - basically, they were either letting people know by phone yesterday or in person today.  They were going to let them know they had a position with the estate and leave it up to them as to whether or not they wanted to come in over the next few days.  Tim wasn't exactly sure the reporting relationship and/or what they would be doing, but felt that everyone would have a role at least in the short-term.  I believe that Wednesday is the day that UBS will be in Portland to do benefits review and UBS overview......
  
 Sorry I can't be more specific!
  
 A
 
 
    Cc: Fitzpatrick, Amy; Gilbert, Scotty
  
 
 I have re-confirmed with Power Operations and there are no more spots available to make room for one more risk person.
  
 I have all of Heather's information and will be glad to communicate her offer to her, if it has not already been communicated.  Also, please let me know the message you are sending to 'estate' employees in Portland.  I would like to communicate the same message to Samantha.
  
 If you want to talk to me you can reach me at 281-894-0468 or send me an e-mail.
  
 Stacey
 
  
    Cc: Gilbert, Scotty; White, Stacey W. 
  
 
 
 The people on the list for VM should be: 
 
 Scotty Gilbert 
 Eugene Lee 
 Donna Sheidun 
 Heather Dunton 
 
 
 
 Heather is currently in Risk but they may have to reduce from 3 to 2 in that group.  Scotty agreed to take Heather in VM.  In the event that Heather can remain in the Risk Group, then Kit Blair should be added to the VM team.  Call me if you have any questions.  Stacey will let me know by Sunday where Heather sits relative to Risk.
 
 Tim 