
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Zufferli, John\Sent Items
 X-Origin: ZUFFERLI-J
 X-FileName: john zufferli 6-26-02.PST
 
 
 Hey Jim and Greg, Jessica and I sent a card to Chris's wife asking about his well-being and this is the unfornate response.
 
 
    Jessica and John,  
 Thanks for the card, yes Chris was in the WTC, 105th floor on Tuesday  the 11th...2 days after our 12th wedding anniversary.  I hadn't spoken to  him at all that day and he wasn't able to call after the attack.  I only  hope that he wasn't frightened and that he didn't suffer. 
 Some of the  other people who worked for Chris were able to contact their loved ones and they  said that they were going to be evacuated.  None of the 36 people who  worked for Chris got out, and in total, there were nearly 700 employees of  Cantor, Espeed and TradeSpark that didn't survive. 
 We are all in a state  of shock and disbelief.  Chris would have turned 36 on 9-22.  He was  the most wonderful, hardworking, dedicated, easy going, kind, loving and  respectful person I have ever known.  He never had a bad word to say about  anyone nor was there a bad bone in his body.  The children and I, (5), feel  like our lives ended that same day.  I can't imagine moving on or ever  being happy again.  There is no reason for this dispicable act...this world  will never be the same. 
 There were many articles about Chris in various  papers here in NJ and NY.  I was also on CNN when we were searching for  him.  You can find these at the Starledger.com, NYtimes.com, the Stamford  Advocate, Bergen record and info on the Cantorusa.com website.  I have set  up a trust fund for the children if you are interested.  The address is The  Christopher Wodenshek Children's Trust c/o Attorney Thomas Palace 20 Court  Street Hackensack, NJ. 
 I am not sure if John worked at TFS with Chris,  but that sounds familiar to me.  If so, I wanted to let him know the Ted  Mahoney ( or Maloney?) was also at Cantor and is also amoung the missing.    
 Thanks again for your kind card and prayers.  Please continue to  pray for peace in our and our children's time! 
 Fondly, 
 Anne, Sarah,  Haley, Mollie, WIll and Zachy Wodenshek 