
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Zufferli, John\Sent Items
 X-Origin: ZUFFERLI-J
 X-FileName: john zufferli 6-26-02.PST
 
 
 
  
     
 
 Alberta Power Markets Association (APMA),  Banff Meeting, September 7, 2001
 
 Location:
 Rocky Mountain Resort, Banff
 Summit Room (Main Building)
 
 Agenda:
 9:00      Coffee
 9:30      Opening remarks
 10:00     Discussion of the Alberta Power Market with the Minister of
 Energy, Murray Smith
 11:30     Move to Banff Springs Club House
 11:45     Lunch (optional)
 12:40     First Tee Time
 
 Note about the meeting:
 Our suggestion regarding the tone of this meeting is to forge a stronger
 relationship between the market (the members of the APMA) and the
 Government (the Honorable Minister of Energy Murray Smith).  The meeting
 has been positioned with the minister's office as a discussion forum around
 certain key fundamental topics (see points 1 to 4 below)
 
 If you would like to discuss other topics that interest your company please
 feel free to air these issues in the discussion.
 
 We are suggesting that everything discussed in this form is held "off the
 record"
 
 Directions:
 From Calgary, follow the Trans Canada Highway West to the first Banff exit
 (Banff/Lake Minnewanka sign).
 Turn left onto Banff Avenue and proceed towards downtown Banff.
 The Banff Rocky Mountain Resort is the first hotel on the left, at the
 corner of Banff Avenue and Tunnel Mountain Road.
 
 
 Business casual or golf attire
 
 
 Potential subjects, as relayed to the minister's office:
 
 1. What is the Government planning to do with the Electricity market?
 
 Over the past 12 months intervention by the government and governmental
 agencies drastically affected the market for electricity.  These actions
 caused dramatic sudden changes in forward market prices.  The APMA members
 are concerned that this behavior (often given the idiom 'reactionary
 regulation') will persist.
 
 2. What is the Governments view on transmission lines to the US markets?
 
 The prospect of transmission lines that would directly connect the Alberta
 market with US market is an interesting subject to most power marketers.
 What is the current position of the government on the how the building,
 owning and marketing of these hypothetical transmission lines would work in
 the new market?
 
 3. What is the government planning to with the remaining unsold PPA?
 
 Last years decision by the Balancing Pool to sell energy from the unsold
 Power Purchase Arrangements in a single auction dramatically affected the
 forward market for electricity.  With the balancing pool still the
 custodian of the unsold PPAs ? What is the plan going forward for the
 release of the unsold PPAs into the market.
 
 
 
 
 (Embedded image moved to file: pic10607.pcx)
 
 
 
 
 
 (Embedded image moved to file: pic03278.pcx)
  - pic10607.pcx 
  - pic03278.pcx 