
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Zufferli, John\Sent Items
 X-Origin: ZUFFERLI-J
 X-FileName: john zufferli 6-26-02.PST
 
 ok
 
 
    Cc: Abel, Chris; Richey, Cooper
  
 
 Peggy & John
 The estate's DPR reporting requirement to risk controls in Houston is going to be twice a week.  Consistent with this I would also like to change our internal DPR reporting process for ECC Power-Estate from DAILY to twice per week.  Note that curves and an official calc will still be required daily.
  
 I would like to make this change starting Feb 1.  Please let me know if you are okay with this.
  
 Kathy
  
 
    Cc: Beck, Sally; Wilson, Shona; Considine, Keith; Trevino, Susan; Ayala, Susie; Apollo, Beth
  
 
 As a follow up to this email, we will start reporting the DPR's on Wednesday's and Monday's, for Tuesday and Friday valuations.  The first Wednesday will be the 30th of January.  Each day we should expect to report the positions, P&L and PRMA of only those transactions we expect to fulfill.  With the exception of Gas, Susan Trevino will be sending the benchmarks to each of the groups for their review.  
  
 If anyone anticipates any problems with this time frame, please call me or Shona to discuss.
  
 Chris
  
 
    Cc: Beck, Sally; Wilson, Shona; Considine, Keith; Trevino, Susan; Ayala, Susie; Apollo, Beth
  
 
 Fallon has requested a DPR be prepared 2X a week for positions that we are executing on (active/live positions only, no terminations or deals we are not executing on).  We have put together the shell of how this DPR will look.  To start this process we are planning to present to him positions (column E) and PRM value (column X) as of 1/23.  To do this, we have laid out the following steps:
  
 - we need to get the PRM values directly from you (column X)
 - we will run the benchmarks and need to work with you to ensure you are happy with the benchmark numbers we have pulled from RMS (the exception is gas, we need the gas risk group to provide the gas bench to us)
 - we need all of then exceptions/qualifications to your numbers
 - we will need the other information in the schedule to be reported to us starting next week, but not for this exercise
  
 Please confirm to me/Shona that you can get us this info by 230 pm today.
  
 Lastly, I am attaching the unofficialized book list as these books will not make it into the benchmarks and need you to confirm that there are no 3rd party positions in these books.
  
 Thanks in advance
 
 Chris Abel 
 Manager, Risk Controls 
 Global Risk Operations 

 713.853.3102 
 
  
  