
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Zufferli, John\Sent Items
 X-Origin: ZUFFERLI-J
 X-FileName: john zufferli 6-26-02.PST
 
 
 who at UBS should we talk to?
  
     
 The contracts might have been from Calgary, I just don't know if anyone from Calgary is talking with the contracts group from UBS?
 Does anyone know?
 
 Danielle
  
     
 1 user of accumap
 
  I'll look into the other issues, I just thought that you may know who may be handling it, we may just do it directly from Calgary
 
  
     
 John:
 
 I have not found anyone who was trying to renew these contracts.  I am meeting with IHS on Thursday so I will make sure we add Accumap.  How many user of Accumap will you need?  I will forward the cost to you prior to sending the contracts to UBS.  
 
 Do you know who managed the contracts with NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS or ESBI so that I can gather contact information and begin the contract management of these applications.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Danielle  
 
  
     
 I have no knowledge of anyone looking into the resources listed.
 
 Chris
 
  
     
 Chris / Lloyd:
 
 To answer John's question do you know if anyone is looking into NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS, or ESBI ? 
 
 Thanks,
 
 Danielle
 
 
  
     
 Danielle, in general we need everything that Houston gets in addition to the info that is listed as Calgary on your spreadsheet.  One information source in not listed on your sheet.
 
 IHS Accumap		Priority 2	Contact: Carmen (403) 770-4503 phone, (403) 874-4218 cell
 
 Can you tell me if anyone in Houston is working on setting up accounts with NOVA, Power Pool of Alberta, OASIS, ESBI?  These are gas and power related entities that we have to have accounts with the schedule physical gas and electricity.
 
  
     
 John:
 
 Here are the contracts we are currently creating with UBS.  Please verify that we have not missed any applications/publications or subscriptions.  
 
 Highlight in Red the systems you will need and mark the priority from 1-5,  1 being critical.
 
 
 Thank you,
 
 Danielle 
 
  << File: md.xls >>   