
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Zufferli, John\Sent Items
 X-Origin: ZUFFERLI-J
 X-FileName: john zufferli 6-26-02.PST
 
 WOW, that was higher than I thought.  That is not much different than mine and higher than other Directors in the office.  I am not blowing smoke, but given my experience, there is nothing that I can do at the immediate time.  
 
  
     
 175,000
 
  
     
 i don't even know your salary now.
 
  
     
 Has there been any real explanation why it is no.....  One small difference between the two is I am not talking about an equalization between C$ and US$ salaries.  Mine is just simply a case of Enron paying under market because they could in the past.  I don't believe that is the case anymore.  Two years ago I was willing to accept less than market to see behind the curtain, but that is no longer the case.  I am not saying that it needs to be in the UBS document, but I would need your word you would do everything in your power to fix it.  If you can honestly tell me that I am paid the max. that is available to Directors I will drop it. 
 
  
     
 I am reading your mail, I have asked for the same thing regarding my base. Especially since I came up here with a base salary converted at 1.48 CDN/USD and with no raise since being here at 1.61 CDN/USD I have received a 9% pay cut relative to my peers in Houston.  Not to mention that my base salary is $50-$100 USD/year lower than what other shops are offering.  However, after three attempts, I have been unsuccessful in championing my own cause.
 
  
     
 
 Zuff
 
 Just a quick note after my first look at the numbers.  The only concern I have is with the base number.  Seeing as there is no money up front, the future payments look a lot more like long term comp. than any real signing or retention bonus.  When I came to Enron two years ago I took a $35,000 decrease in base pay in exchange for options and the opportunity to trade for number 1.  That is no longer the case (no options and UBS is not #1) therefore I would look for my base to better reflect market on a go forward basis.  If you are able to accommodate a reasonable adjustment in base I would be very excited about the opportunity to sign with UBS.
 
 I would like to talk about this on Monday, after I have had a chance to look at the paper in full.
 
 Chris.