
 
 Thanks for the info.  I just need simple, basic frames.  No decorations or 
 anything.  That way, they can go anywhere, and aren't specific to a decor, 
 theme, time of year, etc.  So, painted wood or black resin probably are the 
 best.  I could use 5x7" the most.
 
 Trey is going to get Playstation 2 once they become available, so you may 
 want to find a game for the new machine.  Also, since it has a DVD player 
 attached, he will need DVDs to play on it.  I already got him Being John 
 Malkovich and the Grinch, but he has no others.
 
 We are looking forward to your visit.  Trey, Cameron and I are going to the 
 Nutcracker ballet on the 26th.  Do you and Marianne want to go?  I am sure 
 that Kay would love to watch Madison, and I would think that we still could 
 get tickets if you are interested.  Let me know.
 
 See you later.
 
 Michelle
 
 
 
 
 


    
 
 We're getting Dad the dustbuster or keychain (unless you guys already have)
 and Gretchen the placemats/guest towels and Span/Eng dictionary
 
 Marianne wants some clarification on what kind of picture frames (wood/metal
 (type) etc and coasters (whimsical, serious artsy, material) for your list.
 
 I'm going to prob get Trey the Lyle CD and a playstation game. Maybe a Polo
 shirt
 
 Brooks
 
 
     
 
 
 Would you let me know which you choose?  I may need some of them as a
 backup!  Michelle
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
  cc:
  
 
 Thanks, that helps a lot. Looking forward to seeing you guys, too.
 
 
 
     
 
 
 Hi, Brooks.
 
 He wants the newest Lyle Lovett album -- the soundtrack to Dr. T and the
 Women.  Also, he is getting a Playstation II from me for his birthday (they
 don't come out until this week, so he doesn't have it yet), so you could
 find him a game for the new system.  He has said that he wants a new clock
 radio, with AM/FM (I don't think he wants CD/tape player on it), with
 battery backup -- Sony would be best.  Also, he always wears short-sleeved
 Polo shirts, size XL.  He prefers basics, in solid colors such as white (he
 never can have enough of those), navy, khaki, or light blue.
 
 Let me know if you need any other suggestions.
 
 We are looking forward to your visit, especially Cameron.  He always is
 talking about how Santa is going to bring presents for him and Madison!
 Take care, and say "hi" to Marianne.
 
 Michelle
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
  cc:
  
 
 Michelle,
      Can you give me any ideas regarding birthday and x-mas presents for
 the man
 who has everything?
 
 Hope all is well there.
 
 Brooks
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
