
 
 FYI
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 04/20/2000 02:45 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 

    data from EU countries to the USA
 
 
 Yes the two are the new policy and agreement; the "annotated" has not been
 revised, but explains the point about Exhibit C to the Agreement.
 
 

  personn el data from EU countries to the USA
 
 
 
 Jeff, I assume that the two attachments are the revised policies.  If that
 is not the case, let me know.  Thanks for your follow up.  Michelle
 
 .
 
 
 
 

 
  cc:
        el data from EU countries to the USA
 
 
 Wow. You should have received these awhile ago. We had a virus shutdown,
 but
 I cannot think of any other reason why you do not have these. Let me state
 what I attempted to state in my last message:
 
      1) As to the Data Protection Agreements, we contemplate that an
 Exhibit C will be attached that will describe the non-exclusive types of
 information that will be personal data. For your information I am resending
 the "annotated" version of this agreement to describe the significance of
 the removal of brackets. We also added a section 3.g to allow additions to
 the purposes for collection. As the regulators in the EU become more
 refined
 in their analysis and requirements as to the statement of purpose, you
 might
 need to alter purposes.
 
      2) As to the Policy itself, we inserted a line that dates the
 revision of the policy, and we added a provision in Section 2 corresponding
 to the change in Section 3.g mentioned above.
 
 Please call me to let me know that you got this. Should I send something to
 John?!
 
 
 
 
     data from EU countries to the USA
 
 
 
 
 Jeff,
 
 What is the status of the document?  I expect that Jon will be calling me
 any
 day.
 
 Thanks.
 
 Michelle
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 04/17/2000
 03:08 PM
 ---------------------------
 
 
 Michelle Cash
 01/10/2000 02:34 PM
 
  cc:
  data
       from EU countries to the USA
 
 Jeff, here is information from Jon Chapman.  Let's discuss when you have a
 chance to review it.  Michelle
 
 
 -----------------
 
 Michelle,
 
 Further to our discussion on Tuesday , I am very happy to proceed on the
 basis
 of Jeff Dodd's draft Agreement ( and draft Data Protection Policy) . Can
 you
 ask
 him to prepare a final version and let us have it , please.
 
 The EU "Data Exporter" entities are as follows:-
 
 UK
 
 Enron Europe Limited (also Italy )
 Enron Power Operations Limited
 Enron Teesside Operations Limited
 Enron Direct Limited
 Enron Engineering Services
 Caxios Limited
 
 Norway and Sweden
 
 Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.
 
 Germany
 
 Enron Energie GmbH
 
 Finland
 
 Enron Finland Energy OY
 
 Spain
 
 Enron Espana Energia S.L.
 
 Note that Norway is not a member of the EU but , as a member of the
 European
 Economic Area , should be treated as an EU member for these purposes.
 
 I look forward to hearing from you.
 
 Thanks.
 
 Jon
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (See attached file: #606521 v2 - ENRON unannotated Data Protection
 Policy.doc)
 (See attached file: #606631 v2 - data protection agreement-no
 annotation.doc)
 (See attached file: Annotated Agreement- Not revised since 12-1998.doc)
 
 
