
 
 Scott, 
 
 I would love to attend, except that I will be out of the office on vacation 
 that whole week.  It sounds like a great presentation!  
 
 Would you mind if I forward it to some other folks in corporate legal who 
 might be interested (i.e., my counterparts)?  
 
 Thanks.  Michelle
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
 Sent by: Sharon Purswell





   
 
 You are cordially invited to attend a presentation entitled:  "Acquiring 
 Information: Trade Secrets and the Economic Espionage Act (EEA)".   Daniel 
 Waltz, of the law firm Patton Boggs LLP, is a leading expert on the EEA and 
 will deliver what promises to be an interesting and informative segment.  
 Congress passed the EEA in 1996, and it will increasingly shape how corporate 
 America collects, uses, and protects valued information.  In addition to 
 explaining some of the intricacies of the EEA, Dan Waltz will include 
 "hypothetical" corporate case studies (some actually torn from the headlines) 
 to illustrate his points.
 
 This event is sponsored by ENA's Competitive Analysis and Business Controls 
 (CABC) group and is supported by ENA legal.   This event kicks-off CABC's 
 Competitive Intelligence Standards Program, which seeks to raise awareness of 
 issues relevant both to Enron's practitioners and senior consumers of 
 competitive intelligence.  This particular speaking engagement is designed to 
 raise awareness of the EEA's legal guidelines, as well as to stimulate 
 thought both on the collection opportunities against our competitors as well 
 as how we might better protect Enron's own proprietary information.   I 
 believe the topic of the EEA is especially relevant, given that we find 
 ourselves amidst the big bang of this new information age.  
 
 The EEA presentation is set for August 15, 1:30-3:00 PM, in the 50th floor 
 Conference room.  Please RSVP to either myself or Sharon Purswell.
 
 
 
  
 P.S.  By the way, our next speaker segment in the CI Standards Program will 
 concentrate on the guidelines and implications of the "Foreign Corrupt 
 Practices Act (FCPA)," and will likely be scheduled for the fall.
 
