
 
 I hadn't heard about Alex's offer. That is great!!  He is such a nice guy.  
 I'll send details on hen night later.  Michelle
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
 Michelle, consider me a "yes." Sounds like fun.  Also, thanks for Alex
 Juden's resume; we extended him an offer.
 
 



  
 
 Hey Cash--I AM going to chicken out of the Lasex surgery--put me down as a
 yes.
 

 
 
 Great idea!! I should be in town because I will be moving on the 30th into
 my
 new place at the Houstonian. Yippee!!!  Having said that, we'll have the
 Christmas bash at my place.
 
 
 
 

 08/29/2000 03:59 PM
 




 cc:
 
  
 Hello everyone!!
 
 Well, no one is celebrating anything specific, so we haven't had an
 opportunity
 for the girls to get together in a while.  Therefore, we have decided to
 have a
 NO Excuses Girls Night.
 
 The proposed date is Friday, Sept. 29 -- Are there any major conflicts with
 this
 date?
 
 Proposed place is to be determined.  Debbie Rank suggested that a restaurant
 would be the easiest.  I offered to have it at my house, but she was
 concerned
 that I would get stuck doing too much and spending too much.  My thought is
 that
 if everyone agrees to chip in a bit, we can have it catered, and no one will
 have to do too much or pay too much.  What do you think about that?
 
 If you are interested, let me know.
 
 Also, this first email is limited to those persons for whom I had email
 addresses.  Many others should be added to this list, including:  Mary
 Thamm,
 Lisa Anouilh, Deanne Noel, Tamberly Thomas, and others whom I am sure to
 have
 forgotten.  Please forward this on and have everyone get back to me if they
 can
 attend or have a different suggestion.
 

 details
 to come . . .
 
 Michelle
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ----
 This email may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use 
 of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by 
 others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or 
 authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender by reply 
 email and delete all copies of this message.
 
 To reply to our email administrator directly, send an email to

 
 Littler Mendelson, P.C.
 http://www.littler.com
 
 
 
 
