
 
 Twanda, would you please check my calendar and book me yes if I am 
 available?  Thanks a lot.  Michelle
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 01/10/2000 02:39 
 PM ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 




   
 Please let me know if you are available for this meeting.
 

   Conference Room TBD
 
 Thanks!
 Sheri
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Sheri Jordan/HR/Corp/Enron on 01/10/2000 
 02:19 PM ---------------------------
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 


 
  
 That sounds great.  Thanks again.
 
 Jane
 
 
 
 

 12/16/99 06:06 PM


  
 I'd like to wait until we get legal opinion first.  Once we know there are no 
 DOL/ERISA issues (or at least some we can manage), we can set-out the process 
 flow and then the companies.  I'll coordinate a conference call -- but let's 
 do this after the holidays.  So many of the players are not here at the same 
 time and I am sure payroll has as many year end issues as we do right now.
 
 (Sheri, please contact Michelle Cash and Pat Mackin to get available dates 
 and then set-up a conference call including the above people as well as Mikie 
 Rath and Dolores Lenfest.  We probably need to do this as soon as possible in 
 the new year.  Can you also include Jane Pleli, Joann Hill and Sherry 
 Lessner, there may be issues with us changing current environment prior to 
 7/1/2000 that we need to consider.)
 
 Thanks
 Cb
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 


 
  
 Okay, so what is our next step?  Who can get the company set up?
 
 Thanks,
 
 Jane
 
 
 
 

 12/16/99 03:40 PM


  
 For the employees to be provided with domestic benefits, they could just be 
 placed on the standard domestic payroll, whereas the employees not to have 
 domestic benefits could be on the new company.  As Cynthia states below, the 
 new company (as a whole) would not be adopting benefit plans.  Logistically, 
 there would just need to be different procedures for setting up the new hires 
 on the correct company.
 
 Also, the administration of the cross charges will be much easier once SAP 
 Payroll comes online 7/1.  Currently, there is some manual intervention when 
 charging from one company (like Expat Services) to the appropriate accounting 
 company.
 
 Mike
 
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 


 
  
 Good point, we would want to pick and choose as some may not want to remain 
 on home country payroll or a home country payroll may not exist.
 
 Michelle, can you comment from a legal perspective?
 
 Thanks,
 
 Jane
 
 
 
 

 12/16/99 11:16 AM

  
 The not making them eligible for domestic benefits is easy.  The new payroll 
 company will simply not adopt the plans.  I am assuming that the number of 
 employees (nor associated demographics) in this company will not create a 
 discrimination problem.    
 
 One question though, will we treat all foreign nationals the same or will you 
 want to pick and choose who receive domestic benefits and who does not.  If 
 the answer is yes to this we will probably need to run some legal traps.
 
 Let me know if we can help.
 Cb
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

 
  
 As Enron expands globally, we are faced with a growing issue of more and more 
 foreign nationals entering the US on varied lengths of assignment.  For some, 
 it is necessary that they remain on their home country payroll to maintain 
 retirement benefits, as our domestic benefits structure (401(k), cash 
 balance, etc.) does not provide them with equivalent benefits based on the 
 fact they will return to their home country to retire.  If they remain on 
 their home country payroll system, we are struggling with a convenient method 
 to have them pay US taxes (both income and possibly social security) as well 
 as receive US $.
 
 Currently, David Oxley is on such an arrangement.  He is paid by the UK a 
 portion of his pay to maintain UK benefits.  The remainder of his salary is 
 paid on US payroll.  This allows him to pay in FIT withholding.  No 
 FICA/Medicare is necessary due to the totalization agreement with the UK.  
 Unfortunately, this created some extra work on the domestic benefits group as 
 they had to code the HR system not to provide him with Flex dollars, 
 health/welfare and retirement benefits.  We indicated in his employment 
 agreement that he was not eligible for these benefits.
 
 I am looking for an easier and more efficient way to do this.  Would it be 
 possible to create a payroll company here in the US for arriving foreign 
 nationals that remain on their home country payroll that would allow them a 
 mechanism to:
 
 receive a portion of their pay in US $ into a US account
 pay in FIT and possibly FICA/Medicare
 not make them eligible for domestic benefits
 
 I would appreciate you and the others I have copied looking into this.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Jane
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
