
 
 Barbara, HR should be contacting you about interviewing him next week..  A 
 number of folks are interested in Carlos!  Thanks for the response.  Michelle
 
 
 
     
  I think we should speak with this candidate about a position in our 
 group..................working with Peggy on Mexican matters
 
 
 
 	Michelle Cash
 	12/04/2000 10:04 PM
 		 




 		  		  
 Attached is the resume of Carlos Sole, who currently is working for EECC.  He 
 is interested in pursuing opportunities within EWS, and we received excellent 
 references about his work performance from John Schwartzenburg and Kay Mann.  
 I am meeting with him on Friday of this week (he is out of town until then).  
 If you have an interest in talking with him, let me know, and I will arrange 
 a meeting.
 
 Thanks.  Michelle
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT on 12/04/2000 09:47 
 PM ---------------------------
     
 
 Michelle, per my voicemail as I indicated, I am trying to pursue what 
 opportunities may be available at EWS and both Julia Murray and Kay Mann 
 recommended that I contact you.  As background, I have been at EECC since 
 October last year where I have focused on traditional EPC contracts and joint 
 venture agreements with construction partners, cross-border financing 
 agreements principally in Mexico and merger and acquisition/strategic 
 investment transactions.  Before coming to Enron, I worked with the Houston 
 office of a New York based firm (Curtis, Mallet-Prevost, Colt & Mosle)  where 
 I focused mostly on transactions in Mexico since we represented Pemex on 
 their transactions involving long and short term oil supply agreements and 
 CFE (Mexico's electricity commission) on its public bids for EPC and IPP 
 projects.  Lastly, I started my legal career in 1994 at Patton Boggs in 
 Washington, DC where I focused on general domestic corporate transactions 
 such as establishing new business entities (ie, joint venture work, 
 partnerships etc.), m & a work, and securities offerings.  Thanks for your 
 consideration and I look forward to talking with you when you return from 
 vacation (my extension is 6-6127).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
