
 
 I agree, unless some of them have moved from EEL to ENA or vice versa.  In that situation, we definitely want to know about it so that the docs can be assigned.  Michelle
 
  
     
 Michelle/Diane -
 
 Please see Michele's response below.  With her explanation of how their agreements are structured, is this a relevant exercise for them to go through?
 
 Sheila
 
 
  
    Cc:	Oquinn, Kari; Laing, Melissa
  
 Sheila,
 
 We have been advising Houston this week that the Comp Database is not a reliable source of information for our Executive Agreements - we use SAP as our source information system.
 
 However, please note that we do not have separate legal employing entities in the UK, for example EBS or EGM employees will always be hired on an Enron Europe Ltd. contract.  Therefore, all of our contracts should and do say Enron Europe Ltd. or if someone is employed in a regional office the employee will be employed under the legal entity for that office.  Given this, I am not sure whether the below will still be relevant - perhaps if you could let me know the objective here we will know which direction to go.
 
 As it is late in the day / week here, we will pull our own report on Monday and double check on this then.  
 
 Thanks and Regards
 Michele
  
    Cc:	Oquinn, Kari
  
 We have been asked by  Legal to audit all employment agreements to determine if the Business Unit named in the Employment Agreement is actually the BU the employee currently works for.  If the employee is now working for a different BU, the agreement will then be assigned to the appropriate BU.  The attached is a list of EEL agreements we pulled from  the Comp Database.  Can you review these agreements and note any which should be assigned to another BU.  Please add any we do not have on this list.
 
 London/Houston Legal will need to coordinate on any assignments for those that have non-US based agreements.
 
 They have asked for this info early next week.  Sorry for the short notice - we just got the request today.
 
 Please call me or Kari Oquinn if you have any questions.  Thanks for your help.
 
 Sheila
 
   
 
  
     
 According to the Comp DB, the EEs indicated on the attachment are EEL's employees with Executable EE Agrmts.
 
  << File: KO_Active EE Agrmts - EEL.xls >> 