
 
 I know that the long term solution rests with Charlie Thompson.  But, Caroline, I'm frankly shocked at GMS seeming lack of concern for the seriousness of this situation.  I have serious leadership questions about a group that could continue to receive charts in after the 5th of the month (on ALL 16 charts!) and continue to just file these reports without ever even looking at them or making corrections.  When ask why they never raised the issue or brought it to management's attention, their response is that this is the way we've done things for 20 years.  
 
 I'd like to visit with you about the leadership and direction of the GMS group.  No problem with measurement data is ever GMS responsibility -- its always someone elses fault -- the field didn't get the info in in time, the OMV wasn't received, the system doesn't work....What is the level of service that GMS is accountable for.  Please understand that this criticism is not directed to you.  I'd just like a chance to brainstorm with you one on one about how we ever have this group enter the 21st century with the rest of us -- befort Dave Neubauer raises his frustrations to the highest levels of ETS.
  
 
 
  
    Cc:	Anderson, Gary E.
  
 Shelley, I would like to see Charlie Thompson or a representative from operations at this meeting since a major issue which will have to be addressed is the physical measurement equipment on NNG's pipe. GMS has not had much success in getting measurement equipment upgrades out of operations.  Customer issues may be the justification needed for the upgrades.  I will also plan on being there along with Gary.   cvb
 
  
    Cc:	Barnes, Caroline; Anderson, Gary E.
  
 Shelley:
 
 	Unfortunately I will be on vacation on November 26th.  However, Gary will be attending and is well versed and postured to speak to 16 and 31 day charted PD measurement.  Gary has been working behind the scenes with your group, the field, marketing and technology to resolve the problems associated with equipment not suited for providing adequate daily information.  At the same time he has been working on gaining assistance in getting 16 day measurement data into the office on time for processing and review prior to month's end close.   Just as a side note, I understand now that Charlie Thompson of the Measurement Technology Group and Tech Ops has been given the charge to come up with a five year plan for installing automated and adequate equipment accross the board for these situations.
 
 Ellis
 
  
    Cc:	Barnes, Caroline
  
 
 Ellis/Gary
 
 I hope that you can both make it to the meeting on Monday to discuss the issue of daily NNG measurement readings.  A number of our NNG customers are protesting DDVC invoices based on our inability to provide daily measurement information.   Alliant is just the latest in the string of customers.   The NNG marketing group is very frustrated on this issue.  
 
 We need to put all our collective talents together.  This issue needs the highest levels of attention possible form measurement.
 
 
  
     
 Reminder, the meeting to discuss the Alliant measurement issue is at 3:30 Monday in 49c2. sj