
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 06/18/2001 05:18 PM -----
 

 	06/18/2001 04:58 PM
 		 



































































 		  		  
 
 OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR 
 PR01:295
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 06/18/2001 
 GOVERNOR DAVIS ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT WITH SDG&E, SEMPRA ENERGY 
 $400-$12,000 Per Customer Balloon Payment Eliminated, No Additional Rate
 Increases Required to Pay Off Undercollection 
 SACRAMENTO 
 Governor Gray Davis today announced an agreement with San Diego Gas &
 Electric and the utility's parent company, Sempra Energy, that will erase a
 $747 million balloon payment facing the utility's three million customers. 
 "The balloon is burst," Governor Davis said. "Under this agreement, the
 undercollection is eliminated, without any increase in rates. This is a
 massive benefit to the San Diegans, the first Californians to bear the brunt
 of our state's energy crisis last summer."
 The Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), signed by the Department of Water
 Resources for Gov. Davis with Sempra Energy and SDG&E executives while a
 group of San Diego ratepayers, and State Senators Steve Peace (D-El Cajon)
 and Dede Alpert (D-Coronado) looked on, includes a number of provisions to
 eliminate the undercollection that could have cost each customer
 approximately $750 (as much as $400 for each residential customer, $1,400
 for each small-commercial customer and $12,000 for each medium-sized
 commercial customer). 
 In addition, it would settle several regulatory cases before the California
 Public Utilities Commission (PUC), gives the State the opportunity to
 purchase 15,780 acres of environmentally-sensitive lands owned by the
 company along the Colorado River, and provides below-market power to the
 State through December 2010 from the San Onofre nuclear power plant. The
 regulatory provisions are subject to PUC approval.
 It also calls for the purchase of SDG&E's transmission lines for
 approximately $1 billion, or 2.3 times book value. However, the deal is not
 contingent on that purchase of SDG&E's transmission network, which includes
 170 electric lines exceeding 69 kilovolts in capacity and spans
 approximately 1,800 circuit miles from southern Orange County to the Mexican
 border. The system also includes about 135 electric substations and
 transmission interties with Southern California Edison's system at the San
 Onofre Nuclear Generating Station.
 "Throughout these long and complex negotiations, Governor Davis and we have
 had the mutual objective of reducing the financial impact of California's
 crisis on SDG&E's customers and helping the State gain more control over its
 energy destiny," said Stephen L. Baum, chairman, president and chief
 executive officer of Sempra Energy. "Today's agreement represents a winning
 proposition for our customers, the State and our company: it reduces the
 future financial burden on our customers, protects the State's economic
 future, and creates a clear path for future growth and profitability for our
 company. Going forward, we are committed to working with Governor Davis and
 the State to implement his recovery plan."
 The MOU signed today is the second with California's investor-owned
 utilities. An agreement with Southern California Edison is pending approval
 before the State Legislature. Unlike the Edison agreement, however, the MOU
 with Sempra Energy does not need legislative approval (except for the
 acquisition of transmission lines). 
 "This is an example of the good that can come when parties are responsible
 and remain at the bargaining table," Governor Davis said. "This is a
 balanced business transaction that benefits ratepayers and provides a stable
 environment for the State's third largest utility."
 Governor Davis said the MOU will not result in any additional
 electric-base-rate increases for SDG&E customers to recover the $750 million
 undercollection. Without the MOU, future balloon payments to recover this
 sum could have been as much as $750 per customer.
 The regulatory balancing account for SDG&E's undercollected power costs had
 grown to approximately $750 million since September 2000, when the State
 imposed a retail rate cap of 6.5 cents per kilowatt-hour, retroactive to May
 2000. California state law AB 265, signed by Governor Davis last year,
 provided for SDG&E's recovery of all its prudently incurred power costs, but
 delegated responsibility to the PUC for determining the method and timeline
 for recovery.
 The agreement includes a complex package of elements to eliminate the
 balloon payment, such as the settlement of the reasonableness-review case
 SDG&E had with the PUC. To settle that case, the utility has agreed to
 forego collecting $100 million of the balancing account. 
 In addition, the agreement notes that: 
 SDG&E agrees to give back 90 percent of the profits on two long-term power
 contracts earned since the energy crisis flared last June. That means SDG&E
 will forego collecting another $219 million in the balancing account. (The
 California Department of Water Resources will purchase those contracts as of
 June 1.); 
 SDG&E and its sister utility, SoCalGas, will invest at least $3 billion over
 six years into capital improvements. In addition, if the State decides not
 buy the transmission lines (and 
 SDG&E builds the Valley Rainbow line) the utility, backed by Sempra Energy,
 will put another $500 million into transmission line improvements, subject
 to PUC approval). Excluding the transmission system improvements, this is an
 increase of $600 million more than the utilities invested in capital
 improvements in the previous five years; and 
 SDG&E will drop all legal claims against the State. 
 "We know that many of our customers are extremely concerned about the
 potential of large balloon payments looming in the future to address our
 past undercollections," said Edwin A. Guiles, group president of Sempra
 Energy's regulated business units and chairman of SDG&E. "We are pleased
 that today's agreement provides the framework to resolve major regulatory
 issues to the benefit of our customers. Many challenges remain, but, this
 agreement demonstrates that, by working together, we can surmount these
 challenges in a way that benefits all the key stakeholders in California's
 energy future."
 The MOU also calls for the Department of Water Resources (DWR) to continue
 to buy power for SDG&E through the agency until certain conditions are met.
 DWR has been purchasing power for SDG&E customers since early February.
 SDG&E is a regulated utility operating in San Diego and southern Orange
 counties. Sempra Energy (NYSE: SRE), based in San Diego, is a Fortune 500
 energy services holding company with annualized 2001 revenues of about $13
 billion. Through its eight principal subsidiaries - Southern California Gas
 Company, San Diego Gas & Electric, Sempra Energy Solutions, Sempra Energy
 Trading, Sempra Energy International, Sempra Energy Resources, Sempra
 Communications and Sempra Energy Financial - the Sempra Energy companies'
 12,000 employees serve more than nine million customers in the United
 States, Europe, Canada, Mexico, South America and Asia. 
