
 
 I'm comfortable, so long as Rick and Paul are as well.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	06/26/2001 04:01 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 As Mark mentioned, I would recommend Edward Barker.  He is closely involved 
 in NETA and has a good understanding of power and gas markets. I also 
 wouldn't be concerned about whether CA is relevant - it is a major issue here 
 and on the Continent as the EU states begin to look at security of supply and 
 how they can avoid "doing a California".  Edward is sufficiently bright and 
 discerning to recognise any evidence he picks up in CA for what it is.
 
 Based on the exchange of correspondence below, I will get back to Ian 
 Fletcher and ask for Edward's CV etc and indicate that we would be prepared 
 to consider a role in San Francisco (with some flexibility).  Please confirm 
 that you are happy for me to progress this further with the DTI.
 
 Thanks
 
 Paul
 
 
 
  
    Cc: Shapiro, Richard
  
 Paul D. - fyi.  You should also ask Ian for a copy of his CV.   thanks  mcs
 
  
     
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron on 06/25/2001 
 03:08 PM ---------------------------
    
  
 I'd like to see his resume.  I don't know that California work will be 
 particularly informative--given the uniqueness of that great state, but we no 
 doubt can find a use for his skills.  I would want to see his CV.  It would 
 be a nonstarter for me if he was unwilling to travel to SFO or Portland on 
 regular basis.  However, the travel could be 3-4 days a week--i.e., he could 
 travel up on Monday and go home on Thursday.  (Or some other such schedule).  
  

  
 What do you think?
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron on 06/25/2001 
 01:25 PM ---------------------------
    
  
 Rick - I just got a call from Ian Fletcher, head of the Utilities Regulation 
 unit at the UK Department of Trade and Industry.  He reports to Anna Walker, 
 the Director General of Energy at the DTI.  Ian also knows Paul, and I am 
 sure that he only called me because he now knew of my US location.  Anyway, 
 here is what he asked:  They have a highly regarded junior civil servant, 
 Edward Barker (Paul and I have both met him, and rate him high), who is 
 getting married, and wants to locate to Los Angeles for a year while his 
 fiance/wife completes a Ph.D. at some school there.  The UK DTI will keep 
 paying him, so he is effectively free to us.  They want a relevant job/work 
 experience for him.  Ian does not know about his willingness to commute 
 during the week from San Francisco to LA (I told Ian we were receptive to 
 these kinds of things, if all else worked out), but will check.  I think it 
 would be good for Enron (Paul D. may have views on this), not only for 
 endearing Enron to key relationships at DTI, but exposing a UK civil servant 
 to the transparency of our regulation, US-style, cannot hurt either, as that 
 is something Paul is on a long march to improve in the UK.  I would think 
 challenging research, attendance at settlement conferences, some memo 
 writing, etc. would be sufficient (actually, that would be a bit below the 
 policy-formation role he now occupies), but do you have any thoughts?   I can 
 get his CV when you need it.  thanks  mcs    
 
 
 
 
