
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 07/11/2001 06:02 PM -----
 

 	07/06/2001 03:17 PM
 		 



 		  		  
 It's worth going to this site just to "flip the switch" and see the redacted 
 portions appear before your very eyes!
 
  
    Cc: Steffes, James; Andrews, Jeff; Lassander, Richard; Yajnik, Neha; Johnson, 
 Tamara
  
 
 Ken Smith just called my attention to the following.  See this link for all 
 formerly censored language from the DWR contracts:
 
 http://www.sco.ca.gov/power_page/contract_info.htm
 
 Also, see the summary link.
 
 Finally, below is an interesting article about the real cost of the contracts.
 
       Connell: Power cost twice Davis' figure  July 6, 2001  By JOHN HOWARD 
 The Orange County Register  SACRAMENTO -- The average cost of electricity 
 purchased under $43 billion of worth of state contracts is actually more than 
 double the amount reported by Gov. Gray Davis' administration, state 
 Controller Kathleen Connell said Thursday.  Connell said her staff's analysis 
 put the per-megawatt average at $170, compared with $69 to $79 estimated by 
 Davis.  Connell stopped short of suggesting that the higher cost could drive 
 another increase in rates, although consumer groups said the higher amount 
 likely would require some future increase.  The controller, who writes the 
 state's checks, said her figures assume fixed prices for natural gas over the 
 duration of the contracts, which range from a few months to 20 years.  The 
 administration, noting that nearly half its contracts are pegged to the 
 fluctuating market price of natural gas, said costs on many of the contracts 
 would decline over time.  Consumer groups were skeptical of the 
 administration's numbers.  "You could cut these numbers in various ways and 
 make different averages, long-range or short-range contracts, peak power or 
 nonpeak, and probably either average could be defended mathematically," said 
 Nettie Hoge of The Utility Reform Network. "We can't tell you whether it's 
 $69 or $170 - the contracts are very convoluted and complex."   
 
