
 
 The wierdness continues.....
 
 In the Senate:
 After Burton's "proclamation" yesterday afternoon that Senate bill 78XX was 
 "all Edison was getting, period," the bill was voted down in committee and 
 never made it to the full Senate for a vote.
 The bill will be "reconsidered" (i.e., voted on again) today in the same 
 committee.  
 
 In the Assembly:
 Hertzberg's bill (82XX) got voted down initially, until Rod Wright switched 
 his vote and let it get out.
 82 XX then went to the appropriations committee, where it was voted out, and 
 now it's scheduled for a floor vote this morning.
 83XX, the bipartisan bill led by Wright (D) and Richman (R), was also voted 
 out of committee and will go to appropriations today.
 
 Will report back later this AM with any additional information.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 07/19/2001 09:40 AM -----
 
 	Jeff Dasovich
 	Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
 	07/18/2001 08:18 PM
 		 




 		  		  
 The Senate, the Assembly and the Governor are either poised to engage in very 
 difficult negotiations, or the three are about to crash and burn and Edison's 
 going to be left dangling.
 
 In the Senate:
 The Senate bill 78XX is with about 90% likelihood going to be voted out of 
 the Senate tonight---without a vote having taking place in any committee.
 Burton announced during one of the two "informational" hearings that "this is 
 it," despite the view of just about everyone who appeared before the 
 committees the bill likely won't prevent Edison from going bankrupt.
 The key features of the bill are:
 Banks and QFs get paid in full.
 Edison shareholders would be responsible for debts owed to suppliers
 No direct access.
 There are conflicting reports about whether the Senate will take up the bill 
 tomorrow de-linking the bonds from the DWR contracts and whether the 
 Republicans will go along with it.
 
 In the Assembly:
 The Committee is hearing the Wright and Hertzberg bills as we speak, with 
 Hertzberg's the likely winner.
 That bill now provides for Direct Access under certain conditions (the 
 amendments describing the conditions were faxed today).
 We're attempting to get the "July 12" date changed to "the effective date of 
 the bill" or later.
 The Assembly likely won't vote the Hertzberg bill out until tomorrow at the 
 earliest.
 
 The Problem:
 The Assembly and Senate bills are diametrically opposed in the way each 
 approaches the problem---in short, the bills are two ships passing in the 
 night.
 The Democratic leaders (Governor, Hertzberg, Burton) aren't talking, and 
 Burton hasn't expressed any interest in talking---to anybody.
 
 The likely outcome given the circumstances:  
 Burton says he's done what he needs to do (i.e., passed out a "fair" bill); 
 the Assembly and Senate can't agree; they finish the budget; time runs out; 
 they leave Friday; and Edison's left twisting.
 
 That said, there's still a chance that the Governor could call Burton and sit 
 down with Burton and Hertzberg and work something out by Friday, or begin 
 talking and postpone the recess until they get it worked out.  But given 
 Burton, the chance of that happening seems very slim.
 
 In short, little has changed since yesterday.
 
 Best,
 Jeff