
 
 Good plan.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	07/20/2001 02:33 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 
 Harry, Jeff, & Sue --
 
 I keep getting these notes from Jeanne on different matters.
 
 1. Is there any way to get Jeanne to start using non-CPUC terms to define the 
 dockets (e.g., SCE PE Advice process)?  I have a very difficult time trying 
 to figure out what material is being discussed.
 
 2. I would like to have meeting to establish our priorities and leadership 
 roles for the CPUC going forward.  Not sure how our decisionmaking is taking 
 place.  I know that Harry has been taking a lot of the lead on these matters, 
 but want to make sure that from a personnel focus we are doing our best.
 
 I'll ask Linda Noske to set up a call for this Thursday am.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Jim
 
 
  

   Neustaedter, Robert; Sue Mara (E-mail); Tamara Johnson (E-mail); Scott 
 Stoness (E-mail)
  
 As part of its Memorandum of Understanding with DWR, SDG&E has filed the
 attached advice letter.  If approved, SDG&E would be authorized to transfer
 a $104 million overcollection in its TCBA to its Energy Rate Ceiling Revenue
 Shortfall Account (the account established to record the revenue shortfall
 from the implementation of AB 265).  The $104 million represents the
 overcollection in utility retained generation revenues allocated to
 customers which did not come under the AB 265 rate ceiling. That group would
 include direct access customers.  SDG&E's rationale for the transfer is that
 it is the legislature's intent that 100% of SDG&E's retained generation be
 used to serve its 100 kW and below customers (i.e., the AB 265 customers).
 SDG&E had advanced this theory in its recent rate design case.  It was
 opposed by several groups and has not been ruled on by the Commission.
 
 Protests on this advice filing are due August 6th.  Please let me know if
 Enron is interested in protesting.
 
 Jeanne Bennett
 















  
 
 
 
 Request to Transfer Approximately $104 Million From The Transition Cost
 Balancing Account To The Energy rate Ceiling Revenue shortfall Account
 
 
 
 
  - 1345-E.pdf
