
 
 Adding to Kristin's update, here's the summary of a meeting that just occured 
 with Assembly leadership staff and industry on the Assembly's latest version 
 of an "Edison MOU":
 
 The Speaker's staffer said that if he had to bet at this time, he would bet 
 that the Assembly would not convene on Friday.
 He also said that, if it doesn't happen on Friday, nothing will happen until 
 they get back from recess on the 20th of August.
 The Assembly will let folks know by tonight or first thing tomorrow whether 
 they intend to move forward with a vote on Friday or recess.
 From the most recent proposal released today by the Assembly leadership, it 
 appears that the centrist Democrats are prevailing.  The proposal:
 Retains Direct Access (though they said that they are continuing to be 
 pressured by the Treasurer, who wants DA suspended due to the bond issuance)
 Places 80% of Edison's past debt with large customers (leaving 20% with small 
 customers, which business customers or strenuously opposing).
 Eliminates all references to any purchase, or option to purchase, Edison's 
 transmission. (They said there simply ain't the votes to buy, or consider 
 buying, Edison's transmission in the Assembly)
 Maintains the Senate provision, which would pay the banks, pay the QFs, but 
 place with Edison the risk of figuring out how to pay the $1billion owed to 
 suppliers. (Even the munis are begining to complain about those provisions.)
 Creates a tradeable, renewable portfolio standard (conceptually similar to 
 the one created in Texas).
 The new bill is created by 1) amending SB78 and 2) gutting a different bill 
 passed from the Senate to the Assembly, SB39, and replacing it with the new 
 version of 82XX.  The two would go together to create the Assembly's newest 
 proposal.
 If this bill gets voted out of the Assembly, it will likely have a difficult 
 time getting the votes necessary to pass in the Senate, since the Senate has 
 considered and rejected several provisions currently included in the Assembly 
 version.
 Will report back on whether the Assembly's going forward or adjourning for 
 recess as soon as we hear.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 07/25/2001 06:26 PM -----
 

 	07/25/2001 04:30 PM
 		 

















 		  
 Details are still rough and the situation is very fluid, but here is what is 
 currently going on:
 
 Senators Hertzberg and Keeley are amending both SB 78XX and AB 82XX.  Upon an 
 initial read, it appears that they are doing the following:
 ? AB 82XX has been gutted except for the direct access provisions and the 
 renewables portfolio.  (The core/non-core business provisions, the 
 transmission asset purchase, etc. all appear to have been deleted.)  Both of 
 these provisions that have been left in the bill were seen as positive by 
 members last week when the bill was first debated. 
 ? It appears amendments have been made to SB 78XX but the extent of these 
 changes are not yet known.  
 ? At the beginning of both amended bills, it states, "As proposed to be 
 amended into SB_XX."   This means that amendments to SB 78 could be 
 incorporated into AB 82, and vice versa.  Another possibility is an entirely 
 new bill.  
 
