
 
 While Leslie was out I had a brief discussion with Tycholiz, et al.  They're 
 going to pull together an outline of the things they're thinking about and 
 get back to us on it for discussion.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	07/25/2001 09:57 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 Leslie--I don't know whatever happened to this discussion?  I suggested to 
 Jeff that I would be available off and on during the week, but I think he was 
 nuts with the legislative session.  SHould we try again or have you already 
 discussed?
  
    Cc: Jeff Dasovich; Susan M Landwehr
  
 I am really only available Monday am (I am on a well-deserved vacation next 
 week), but if that works for you, that would be great.  Jeff is pretty full 
 up with the CA legislature and all the electric stuff.  We can try him, tho.  
 What I would like is to come up with a coherent message on hedging in CA, 
 particularly the core-non-core issues, so that at the end of the day, EES 
 still has a market and ENA can sell hedges to the LDCs.  Sue Landwehr in Gov 
 Affairs is the leader/coordinator of our hedging activities before the state 
 commissions and we should get her involved as well.  In fact I will cc both 
 Sue and Jeff on this.
 
  
     
 leslie, I would like to talk to you and jeff regarding ENA's plans to talking 
 to the PUC regarding hedging activities... let's do this early next week.  Is 
 there a time that is best to schedule. 
 
 BT 
 
 
  
    Miller, Stephanie; Ponce, Roger; Black, Don; Hewitt, Jess; Shireman, 
 Kristann; Courtney, Mark; Elliott, Chris; Dasovich, Jeff; Becky McCabe; 
 Fulton, Donna; Steffes, Darla; Stoness, Scott; Johnson, Tamara
 Cc: Nicolay, Christi
  
 This is to quickly summarize our call on July 11 on California gas intrastate 
 matters and set a direction for future activity.
 
 Unbundling:  PG&E has a Gas Accord in effect through 12/31/03, which is 
 generally positive.  We will participate in the development of a successor 
 plan, and attempt to improve it if we can.
     SoCalGas attempted its own version of a gas accord, but the CPUC refused 
 to approve.  We will attempt to resurrect this accord and obtain CPUC 
 approval. 
 
 Hedging:  No proceeding currently exists to address gas hedging by LDCs.  
 (draft legislation does exist on the electric side to allow hedging and 
 passthrough of costs).  Jeff has recommended that we approach the LDCs to 
 begin discussing the issue and developing a strategy to take to the CPUC.  I 
 suggest we develop an ENA-EES hedging proposal for CA and then take that to 
 the LDCs.  I will attempt to put this is writing.
 
 Infrastructure:  CPUC has undertaken a proceeding to determine the need to 
 improve infrastructure.  SoCal Gas and PG&E are responding with proposals.  
 We want to revitalize the infrastructure and ensure real markets exist and 
 can develop.  Our task is to participate in these proceedings.
 
 (Please let me know who I left off the mailing list).
