
 
 Thanks.  Looks like I'm going nonetheless---things I can do up there.
 
 
 
 	Joseph Alamo
 	07/31/2001 03:28 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 I take it you are no longer going to Portland? I need to cancel your tickets 
 then. Would you let me know?
 Thanks,
 Joseph
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Joseph Alamo/NA/Enron on 07/31/2001 01:27 
 PM ---------------------------
    
  
 
 
  

 Debra; Steffes, James D.; Kaufman, Paul; Alvarez, Ray; Novosel, Sarah; Hall, 
 Steve C.; Denne, Karen; Tracy, Lysa; Davidson, Debra; Landwehr, Susan M.; 
 Dasovich, Jeff
  Importance: High
 
 Dear All,
 
 As a result of the recent volume of activity in Washington DC, with mediation 
 proceedings, refund discussions and the need for key members of our team that 
 need to attend these meetings, it has been decided to re-schedule the meeting 
 of the Western Government Affairs group to Wednesday, September 12, in 
 Portland, 10AM-5PM.
 
 For those of you who had planned on attending, I am sorry to cause you this 
 inconvenience.  Hopefully for those of you who wanted to attend, but 
 couldn't, this will offer you the opportunity to participate on September 12.
 
 Due to the volatility of policy related issues in our region, I would expect 
 there may be some modifications to our current agenda below.  As these 
 changes occur I will communicate this information to you.
 
 Any questions or concerns, please contact me.
 
 Kind Regards,
 
 Dave
 
 
    
 
 	   	
 
 





  
  
 Below is a draft agenda for our planned meeting on Wednesday August 1 in 
 Portland Oregon from 10-5.  Tim Belden will be joining us from11:30-1PM 
 (thanks Debra) and the agenda is taking Tim's time into account.  We will be 
 meeting in the Mt. Hood Room, a working lunch will be provided (thanks 
 Lysa).  
 
 If you would like to modify the agenda, please send your edits to me.
 
 10:00   Meeting called to order - Brief Introductions - All
 10:10   Overview of Western Government Affairs Priorities (Jim or designee?)
 11:00   What are the short-term needs of our Western Commerical Staff? (Alan?
 )
 11:30   Brief Overview of July 12 Rulings and discussion of the potential 
 impacts on the West (Ray/Christi/Sarah? and Group)
 12:30   RTO/ISO Status Update (in alphabetical order)
   CAISO   (Sue)
   DSTAR   (Dave)
   RTO West  (Steve)
 2:00 RTO Strategy discussion "How we move forward and how we should leverage 
 the recent FERC July 12 rulings"     (Group/Jim?)
 3:30 Meetings, RTO's and WSCC - Ranking and Coverage coordination (Group)
 4:30 Northwest OASIS "Enhancements" - Solicitation of Trader Comments (Dave)  
 (Note, Alan, can you please ask Diana,   Sean and Bill Williams III to see if 
 they can schedule time to attend?)
 
 While developing this agenda from everyone's input I was thinking that NERC 
 is beginning to assert more and more influence (good or bad) on the entire 
 industry.  I would like to know if our group feels it would be useful to 
 invite either Charles Yeung or Andy Rodriquez to our meeting to overview NERC 
 activities and or Electronic Scheduling?
 
 Also, if Steve Hall has any legal or contract issues he'd like to discuss 
 during our meeting I'll be happy to add time for that.
 
 Again, as noted above this is a draft and as you can see I have 
 un-democratically nominated (suggested) folks for leading various 
 discussions.  Any comments or confirmations of commitment to lead an agenda 
 item would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks for everyone's input.
 
 Kind Regards,
 
 Dave
 
 
 
 
 
