
 
 Can we talk before you bring it up with SoCal?  Very interesting about Herr 
 Cherry.  Hadn't heard.  I'm coming out soon to see you guys.
 
 
 
 

 09/12/2000 09:15 AM
    
 Considering that EnronOnline is more of a "market maker" than a pure trading 
 platform, I don't think they are necessarily the right choice to replace 
 ALTRA, nor do I think they would want to.  I just thought I'd point out the 
 need and see if there is anything within our family of companies that might 
 work here.  Thoughts?
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Jeffery Fawcett/ET&S/Enron on 09/12/2000 
 09:11 AM ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 Jeff -- I assume you would have no objection to SoCal's proposed 
 modification.  Let me know.
 And be sure to read to the very end for news about our pal bbbbri ian.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Susan Scott/ET&S/Enron on 09/12/2000 
 08:58 AM ---------------------------
 
 




















 
  
 
 
 
 Dear fellow signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement: 
 
 On Friday of last week, SoCalGas and PG&E informed ALJ Biren that Altra had 
 definitively declined to offer the electronic trading services that both the 
 already-approved PG&E settlement and the pending SoCalGas/SDG&E Comprehensive 
 Settlement contemplated would be provided specifically by Altra for at least 
 an intial period.? Both SoCalGas and PG&E sent a letter and email to to the 
 full service list yesterday (Tues, 9/5) informing parties of this development.
 
 SoCalGas believes that some modification to the Comprehensive Settlement in 
 necessary to take this development into account, and that we then need to 
 file the modification as soon as possible with the Commission.? The ALJ has 
 indicated to us that some formal filing with the Commission in response to 
 this development will be necessary.
 
 We want to work with the signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement to reach 
 a consensus as soon as possible.? Our goal is to cause little or no delay in 
 the processing of a decision on the Comprehensive Settlement.
 
 What SoCalGas has in mind is modifying the settlement to remove the specific 
 naming of Altra and to insert language saying that SoCalGas will select and 
 contract with a third-party provider for a specified period of time, without 
 identifying in the settlement who that will be.?? We also need to consider 
 whether we should address in the revision to the settlement how we will 
 handle the possibility that the third-party provider will not be ready to 
 operate by the April 1, 2001 date the settlement provides for the monthly 
 imbalance trading, OFO day imbalance chip trading, and storage rights 
 trading.? SoCalGas is looking at interim arrangements that it could provide 
 in-house starting April 1, 2001, until the third-party provider could begin 
 service.? We also might consider what would happen if no third party provider 
 can be found.
 
 To avoid any claims that we have not complied with the settlement rules, 
 today we mailed and emailed to the full service list a notice of a settlement 
 conference for Wednesday of next week.? We want to file something with the 
 Commission very promptly thereafter.
 
 Please feel free to contact Glen Sullivan at 619-699-5027, Lad Lorenz at 
 213-244-3820, Bob Betonte at 213-244-3832, or June Suwara at 213-244-3504 on 
 this subject.? 
 
 For those of you who have not heard, Brian Cherry has submitted his 
 resignation from Sempra Energy's Regulatory Affairs Dept. and will be going 
 to work shortly for PG&E in a similar capacity.
 
 
 
 
 
 
