
 
 Today's hearing was dominated by :
 1) many lawyers arguing over whether the Commission must declare that the 
 "rate freeze" is over before raising rates, or whether the Commission can 
 rely on its general constitutional and statutory authority to raise rates on 
 an interim basis, without addressing the issue of the rate freeze, and, 
 1) an appearance by Ralph Nader.
 
 The Legal Issue
 In general, our proposal seems to have gotten some traction.  Whether it 
 sticks remains to be seen, however.  We proposed that:
 
 The Commission has the authority to raise rates without addressing the rate 
 freeze issue.
 The Commission will not have the facts it needs, and it won't have  provided 
 the due process necessary by Jan 4th, to address all the complex issues tied 
 to the rate freeze.  And if it tries, it's likely to face a flurry of law 
 suits, which is in no one's best interest.
 For it's Jan 4th decision, the Commission should confine itself to 
 determining whether, and if so by how much, to raise rates to maintain the 
 utilities' access to capital markets. (We've taken no position on whether 
 there's a need to raise rates.)
 setting a hearing schedule to examine the "rate freeze" and all related 
 issues thoroughly and methodically.
 
 The utilities argued that the Commission must declare an end to the rate 
 freeze; otherwise any Commission decision to raise rates would be easy to 
 attack in the courts.  (In reality, the utilities want the Commission to end 
 the rate freeze in order to assure lenders that the Commission will permit 
 the utilities to recover going-forward procurement costs.  Under the rate 
 freeze, the utility is at risk for procurement costs that exceed the rate 
 freeze.)
 
 In his presentation, our outside counsel offered numerous citations to past 
 Commission decision and court cases supporting the Commission's ability to 
 raise rates if it found it necessary to do so.  Many other parties agreed 
 with our position.  A few parties said that the issue was too murky to make a 
 call.  During questioning, both the President of the Commission (Loretta 
 Lynch) and the presiding judge seemed to indicate that they believe the 
 Commission has ample authority to raise rates without having to address the 
 rate freeze issues. 
 
 The Ralph Factor
 Apparently, having lost the Presidential election, Ralph Nader's still 
 looking for work.  He showed up at the hearings today and held a very lengthy 
 news conference.  From what I could hear, he targeted all of his criticism at 
 the utilities for being greedy, and at the Governor for being too ready and 
 willing to bail the utilities out.  Even when thrown some soft balls about 
 "out of state generators," Nader stuck to bashing the Governor and the 
 utilities.  But I couldn't hear the entire press conference, so he may have 
 said things that I missed.
 
 The Next Steps
 The hearings that were scheduled to end today will now go into next week. 
 Tomorrow, the utilities are scheduled to make their case for financial 
 hardship.  Customers intend to question the utilities very aggressively (as 
 does the PUC).  The utilities will also have the chance to question the 
 consumer representatives who filed their own proposals and analysis with the 
 Commission.
 On Tuesday, the Commission is likely to take up the issue of how big any rate 
 increase needs to be and how much of the increase each customer group should 
 shoulder. 
 
 More tomorrow on the call.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 	Jeff Dasovich
 	Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
 	12/27/2000 08:57 PM
 		
 		  D Steffes/NA/Enron, Paul Kaufman/PDX/ECT, Sandra McCubbin/NA/Enron, Susan J 

 Hartsoe/Corp/Enron, Sarah Novosel/Corp/Enron, Alan Comnes/PDX/ECT, Harry 
 Kingerski/NA/Enron, Tim Belden/HOU/ECT, Frank W Vickers/HOU/ECT, Robert 
 Badeer/HOU/ECT, Chris H Foster/HOU/ECT




















 		  
 Thanks Roger.  Here are the highlights of today's hearings:
 
  Common themes--many tracked ours pretty closely
 Not a question of whether rates need to rise, but by how much.
 Though some oppose any and all rate increases, the lion's share acknowledged 
 that the utilities have a cash flow problem and the a rate increase is 
 necessary.
 Due process matters. 
 If the Commission is thinking about going as far as ending rate freezes and 
 increasing rates, it better provide for ample due process, or countless law 
 suits will ensue.
 Don't jump the gun.  
 A rate increase is likely, but only the utilities benefit from adoption of 
 the utilities' proposals. The Commission needs to carefully scrutinize the 
 utilities' claims and take a careful look at the level of increase required 
 to maintain access to capital markets.  However, as expected, the utilities 
 implored the Commission to jump the gun immediately.  The utilities want the 
 Commission to declare an end to the rate freeze and raise rates on Jan.4.
 No more divestiture.  
 The utility should keep the generating assets it retained, but the Commission 
 should ensure that the assets' benefits are allocated equally among all 
 customers.  One legislator recommended that the State buy the utilities' 
 hydro assets, which would give the utilities the cash they need and give the 
 state control over some generation.
 Treat all customers equally and fairly.
 The Commission should not create two classes of customers (e.g., large v. 
 small; direct access v. bundled).  No customer group should be sacrificied to 
 save another.
 Be as narrow as possible/do as little harm as possible
 The immediate problem is the utility's cash/credit crunch.  As such, the 
 Commission should do only enough to solve this very specific, immediate 
 problem.  A modest rate increase is all that's required and the Commission 
 should do no more.
 
 At the beginning and the end of the hearing, the President of the Commission 
 asked parties to be prepared (at tomorrow's hearing) to discuss whether the 
 Commission could legally use its other, broad powers to raise rates without 
 declaring an end to the rate freeze.  It seems that she seems some benefit in 
 raising rates, but leaving AB 1890 otherwise intact untill the Commission can 
 
 Marketers and generators are to blame for the problem
 Though not universally embraced, the theme came up repeatedly. 
 
 A few parties (e.g., the Unions, low income consumer groups, one PUC 
 commissioner) called for complete re-regulation of the industry, returning 
 the utilities to vertically integrated monopolies.  But they were the 
 exception rather than the rule at today's hearing.
 
 2. Next steps
 There hearings were scheduled to end on Thursay, but now will continue 
 through Friday.
 Tomorrow, lawyers will provide "oral" arguments on whether the Commission 
 must end the rate freeze in order to increase rates.  We will argue that it 
 does not have to, and should not, go through the complex and controversial 
 exercise of determing whether the rate freeze is over between now and 
 01.04.01.  We will argue that the Commission has the authority to raise rates 
 without ending the rate freeze, and if it decides to raise rates, it should 
 do so while keeping AB 1890's basic structure in place until a full and fair 
 hearing of the issues is completed.   We are talking to other stakeholders to 
 persuade them to take the same approach.  In terms of legal arguments, this 
 is clearly a long shot, but one that seems worth taking.
 After the oral argument, the utilities will present their rate proposals and 
 "all interested persons" will have the opportunity to cross-examine the 
 utilities (in short, tomorrow will also be a zoo).
 When asked what the process will be for issuing a proposed decision and 
 providing comments, the President of the Commission responded "we don't know, 
 it's evolving."  In other words, the Commission is doing a poor job of 
 ensuring that their Jan 4 decision is "appeal-proof."
 Keep in mind that the situation remains extremely fluid and the trend is 
 still toward ending the rate freeze on Jan. 4th.  We continue to aggressively 
 offer alternatives to that possibility and continue to try to bring other 
 stakeholders to our side.
 We're doing everything necessary to preserve our appeal rights.
 
 We can discuss further on the 10 AM (CST) call tomorrow.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 

 	12/27/2000 05:43 PM
 		




















 		  EB2868
 
 Got an update from Jeff Dasovich.  No earth shattering news.  Comments have 
 been all over the place.  The impression is being made by differing parties 
 that the issues are very complex and would inevitably result in endless 
 lawsuits.  Possible conclusion by the CPUC may be to invoke emergency powers 
 to implement an emergency surcharge and avoid addressing the issue of when 
 the rate freeze ends in these hearings.  However, this is just speculation.  
 Jeff will return to the office by 5:00 pm PST and will send out a summary of 
 today's hearings.
 
 Roger
   
 
 
 
 Leticia Botello
 12/27/2000 06:57 AM




















  
 
 
 12/27/00
 
 Time    Location Call In #  Pass Code
 
 10:00 Central Standard Time  EB 2868  1-800-713-8600  80435
 
 This is a recurring daily meeting until further notice  (this invitation will 
 schedule your calendar through 1/31/01).
 
 Time, Call In #, and Pass Code are the same for all meetings.  Conference 
 room location will be changed as soon as possible to better accommodate the 
 participants.  
 
 
 Note:  Optional Invitees FYI Only
 
 Please call me if you have any questions 
 
 Leticia
 
 x-58752
 
 
 
 
 
 
