
 
 FYI.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/SFO/EES on 08/29/2000 10:27 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 














   
 
 URGENT REPLY AND ACTION NEEDED
 
 Folks,
 
 Rebecca Smith of the Wall Street Journal called me today and asked how
 she could access the bid data the ISO has for the generators in order to
 do an investigative in-depth analysis of what has occurred in
 California's wholesale power market.  Before I get into the details of
 her request, I would urge you in the strongest way possible to consider
 her request, and grant it.  We need the light of truth to shine on our
 business, and the Wall Street Journal may be one of our best aids.  And
 consider this, the data will be available to her  in six months, anyway.
 
 Rebecca's intent is to study the data, and understand the true behavior
 of the wholesale market for a given month.  She said July 2000 would
 work.  Her hypothesis is unlikely that the hype by Gov Davis and the
 State of accusing in-state and out-of-state generators of being gougers
 and the guitly parties , and can be deminished by the data.  She thinks
 there are plenty of people in the generation market who are playing this
 straight as an arrow.  Without the data, she can't say anything
 conclusive. (of course, I wonder how she will gather the UDC bid data?)
 
 I have one question.  Did the ISO give the detailed bid data to the EOB
 or the PUC?  I thought because neither the EOB nor the ISO would or
 could keep the data confidential, the detailed bid data was not
 released, only the aggregate data.
 
 I asked her if she would keep the data confidential, in other words, not
 pass it on to other parties.  She said she could.  I asked her if other
 assocaites of the Wall Street Journal would have access to the data.
 She said probably  in order to do an in depth analysis others would have
 access on a need to know basis, but that the data would not leave the
 Wall Street Journal's control.
 
 Tell me what we should do, and tell me quickly.
 
 gba
 
