
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 01/25/2001 03:17 PM -----
 

 	01/25/2001 12:41 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 Hot Flash:
 
 The ALJ in the case (Tim Kenney) just advised me that he is so busy that he
 will not even read any responses to the PG&E petition for issuing a security
 interest in accounts receiveables.  Don't ask if this is due process--it's
 not.  The commission is clearly going to grant this authority at the
 emergency meeting tomorrow at 1:30.  In voice mails from Travis, he
 recommended voicing some concerns so that we can raise the issue later if we
 feel Enron's interests have been prejudiced by how PG&E implements this.  I
 also received the indication that EES and ENA were very concerned about
 filing anything negative that could upset the present arrangments with PG&E
 on DASR matters.  I recommend not filing.  I do not believe we need to
 express any concerns to raise them later.  We are not in a formal waiver
 situation, and the commission is acting before any reasonable responses were
 possible.  Let me know by VOICE MAIL what you want to do.  If you want
 something filed, please also advise my associate, Jeanne Bennett who will be
 monitoring this issue in the office today while I am in Sacramento.  Her
 direct line is 415-765-8449.   Thanks, Mike Day
 
 
     
 
 To Be discussed on 10:30am call tomorrow.
 
 Jim
 
 ----- Forwarded by James D Steffes/NA/Enron on 01/24/2001 07:24 PM -----
  
 
                     Travis
 




                     01/24/2001            suppliers issue  
                     03:43 PM
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 Jim -- the following are our concerns about PG&E's proposal/possible points
 to make in a response:
 
 1.   Enron would be one of the largest unsecured creditors in the event of
 a PG&E bankruptcy; our claim may become even larger  depending on the
 extent to which we acquire additional claims against the utilities through
 the PX or ISO.  We are therefore interested in any action that would reduce
 the pool of assets available to unsecured creditors.
 2.   This proposal may be to our benefit, or to our detriment.  There is
 not a great deal of detail in the proposal currently on the table, and
 Enron needs additional information in order to evaluate the proposal.
 Certainly, we need to evaluate this in light of other developments.
 
 3.   The proposal contemplates pledging "existing and future" receivables
 to secure obligations owed to gas suppliers; PGE shows approx. $1.3 billion
 in A/R as of 9/30; will that (or an amount of like magnitude) be pledged as
 security under this plan?  Granting gas suppliers security may be fine with
 us, but we don't have a great interest in OVER-collateralizing their
 positions.  More current information on the current A/R balances and the
 extent to which obligations to suppliers will be secured will be helpful.
 
 4.   Do they intend to extend this security to ALL gas suppliers, or only
 those that are refusing to supply PGE under current circumstances?
 
 5.   Do they intend to secure obligations on a going-forward basis only, or
 will they also secure their obligations with respect to payables that have
 already accrued?
 
 6.   PG&E is scheduled to make a couple of large payments to ENE tomorrow;
 what is PG&E's ability to make those payments for gas already delivered?
 
 7.   Given the extension of the DOE order, it seems that consideration of
 this petition could be delayed for a few days to allow interested parties
 sufficient time to evaluate its implications.
 
 Give me a call with any questions.
 
 In light of the DOE extension of the emergency gas supply order, there
 should now be adequate time for PG&E  to respond to these points and
 clarify their proposal.
 
 Travis McCullough
 Enron North America Corp.
 1400 Smith Street EB 3817
 Houston Texas 77002
 Phone:  (713) 853-1575
 Fax: (713) 646-3490
 
