
 
 One note: recall that with respect to market manipulation, one of the most 
 common accusations focused on the problems caused by the PX manipulation the 
 utilities engaged in thanks to their monopsony (demand-side bidding) market 
 power.
 
 Jeff
 
 
 
 	Elizabeth Linnell
 	01/26/2001 12:24 PM
 		 





 		  		  
 Steve Kean will be testifying at the Senate Energy Committee's hearing on 
 Wednesday regarding California.  Steve and Jim Steffes asked me to contact 
 you for the following information.  I've listed specific requests for several 
 people, but am copying many more of you for your input as well.  Anything you 
 can provide by sometime on Monday will be appreciated!
 
 Dave Parquet - Siting of new power plants in California.  Any insight you can 
 provide regarding the rules, the current climate, what would fix the current 
 situation, etc.
 
 Richard Sanders - Steve thinks he might be asked about whether the market was 
 manipulated.  Please provide information on whether this was the case and who 
 the participants likely were.  What's the current climate regarding 
 sanctions, etc.?
 
 Mary Schoen - Any information you can provide relating to air emission issues 
 in California, and specific details for our recommendations regarding air 
 emissions.
 
 Steve Walton - The status on RTO West, Desert Star, Cal ISO and general 
 information on RO development.   
 
 Sue Mara - Specific ordering language requiring the utilities to buy only 
 from the PX.  Was it required through legislation or the CPUC, and what 
 exactly does it mean.  Who was involved in formulating the language?  
 Information on block forward markets.
 
 Alan Comnes - A copy of the CDWR response and anything they might have 
 available regarding long term proposals from the government.
 
 Dan Allegretti - We have the e-mail Jim sent regarding the UI deal.  Please 
 provide more specifics on the deal, and information regarding portfolio 
 management approach.
 
 Thanks for your help!
