
 
 Thanks, Sandi.  This tracks very well with my chat with Barbara.  Barbara's 
 charcterization of "irrelevant" arguably makes sense from a customer's 
 perspective, but it's very relevant to us, though I didn't give Barbara the 
 details of why it's so important for us---just explained that some of our 
 customers, given their contracts with us, would get hurt.  
 
 Seems that the important take away is that 1) they are actively negotiating 
 the "end" of the rate freeze, 2) customers get hurt from a retroactive "end" 
 and 3) one "freeze" will the replaced with another, that is, prices will 
 continue to be capped going forward (despite the "end" of the rate freeze).  
 
 Seems that the critical issue is whether the rate freeze "ends" next month, 
 or next year, which is something that we're going to want to follow very 
 closely.  Do we have any information on where the negotiations between 
 customers and the utilities ended up this weekend? 
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 	Sandra McCubbin
 	01/27/2001 08:01 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 please get back to Jeff or myself on how to respond to Barbara//thanks
 ----- Forwarded by Sandra McCubbin/NA/Enron on 01/27/2001 05:59 PM -----
 

 	01/27/2001 07:02 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Hi, Sandi.  Per your request, I talked to Jeff yesterday early evening.
 I had been in a meeting with Keeley, Wright, et al after the hearing.
 Jeff's proposal was not entirely clear to me, but it seemed to focus on
 specifying an end date for the rate freeze in the Hertzberg bill.  I
 noted that the focus of the Friday hearing and the subsequent meeting
 was on how much of the short fall the utilities should be able to
 recover and agreed that we would probably go from one freeze to
 another.  Therefore the date of the end of the original freeze is
 rapidly becoming irrelevant unless it is used to create a back way into
 the first issue.  This does not seem very likely right now.  Who knows
 how this will evolve, of course, but there is a sense of urgency, at
 least in the Assembly.
 
 Take care, Barbara
 
 
 
