
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 01/31/2001 04:22 PM -----
 

 	01/31/2001 02:38 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 

 2001 08:44:20 -0600 -----


  Note:  When I checked, the audit report was not yet available on the CPUC web 
 site.
 
 Wednesday January 31, 12:31 am Eastern Time
 
 Press Release
 
 PG&E Issues Statement Following Release of CPUC Report
 
 SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 30, 2001--Pacific Gas and Electric 
 Company today issued the following statement, in response to the report 
 released by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC): 
 
 ``It is premature to comment in detail about the CPUC report issued late 
 today. We plan to study and evaluate this report thoroughly. As the CPUC is 
 well aware: 
 
 Pacific Gas and Electric Company procured power for its customers in 
 accordance with all CPUC requirements, despite having to make purchases at 
 rates substantially higher than those that it could charge to customers. As 
 the CPUC report confirms, these purchases have resulted in uncollected 
 amounts of $6.7 billion as of December 31, 2000.
 
 The transfer of approximately $4 billion from Pacific Gas and Electric 
 Company to PG&E Corporation was consistent with CPUC directives. PG&E 
 shareholders invested their money to build the utility's power plants, and, 
 under California law, when those plants were sold under deregulation, 
 shareholders were entitled to recover their investments.
 
 CPUC rules require sharp lines between the corporation's utility and 
 non-utility businesses and establish a rigorous framework to ensure that 
 those lines are observed. Ratepayers are not to subsidize the growth of 
 PG&E's national business -- and they have not.
 
 The report suggests that the use of affiliate earnings and greater cash 
 conservation efforts could have made a difference. That is simply not the 
 case. Even if the $117 million of NEG earnings that the report attributes to 
 California were used to purchase power and the utility implemented Draconian 
 cash conservation measures -- including laying off every management employee, 
 reducing the rank-and-file workforce by an additional one-thousand employees, 
 breaking contracts and implementing a salary freeze on Union employees -- the 
 total savings would amount to less than one month's worth of power at current 
 prices. 
 
 ``The important objective of all parties -- the utilities, lawmakers and 
 regulators including the CPUC -- should be to move expeditiously to achieve a 
 constructive solution to the energy crisis, which is threatening the safety 
 of Californians and the economic well-being of the state.'' 
 
 For more information about Pacific Gas and Electric Company, please visit our 
 web site at http://www.pge.com. 
 
 
 
 --
 Contact: 
 
      Pacific Gas and Electric
      News Department, 415/973-5930
 
 
 
