
 
 Davis Signals Utility's Grid Could Be Seized 
 Power: Governor says eminent domain is a possible last resort against PG&E, 
 which is balking in state sales negotiations. 
 By DAN MORAIN and NANCY RIVERA BROOKS, Times Staff Writers 
 On the eve of a new round of rescue negotiations with a reluctant Pacific Gas 
 & Electric Co., Gov. Gray Davis suggested Wednesday that as a last resort the 
 state could seize the utility's prized electrical transmission system through 
 eminent domain.
 That saber-rattling cut against the grain of some rare good news in the 
 state's continuing electricity crisis. The energy supply crunch eased 
 slightly as grid operators pumped up the cushion between supply and demand, 
 and for the first time in more than five weeks the statewide power grid was 
 operating under a relatively mild Stage 1 emergency.
 Negotiations with the state's two other big utilities--Southern California 
 Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric--were described by a Davis aide as going 
 "very well."
 But the governor, responding to a reporter's question, would not rule out the 
 idea of taking over transmission assets through eminent domain, a legal 
 proceeding by which government can take over private property, at a price 
 determined by a court. His aides downplayed the possibility, and Davis said 
 he intends to continue talking with utility executives in an effort to 
 resolve the weighty questions.
 "My strong preference is to do this through [a] cooperative negotiation 
 process rather than just seize it," Davis said at a brief news conference at 
 an elementary school south of Sacramento.
 Davis is insisting that the utilities give up control of the massive system 
 of high-voltage transmission lines in exchange for an infusion of state money 
 that would allow Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas & Electric to 
 restructure their multibillion-dollar debts.
 While Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric executives have said they are 
 willing to discuss the sale of their portion of the 32,000-mile statewide 
 grid, PG&E, the state's largest utility, is balking.
 "The governor would like to solve this thing in one fell swoop, but if PG&E 
 is sitting up there being obdurate, then this thing is severable," Davis 
 political advisor Garry South said in Los Angeles.
 The utilities need the state's help to buy electricity, as wholesale prices 
 have soared since May and supplies have been stretched to the limit. Under 
 the state's limited deregulation plan, the companies were forced to buy 
 wholesale power at market prices but were not allowed to pass along increased 
 costs to customers.
 Internal administration documents circulated in the Capitol last week show 
 that the state was considering paying 2.3 times the grid's "book value," or 
 about $7.3 billion, for the grid serving all three companies.
 A top utility source, requesting anonymity, said the figure was in the 
 "ballpark" of what was being discussed.
 Talks will continue today with all three utilities. Davis had not decided 
 whether he would join the talks directly, or leave that task to his aides, 
 San Francisco attorney Michael Kahn and former Southern California Edison 
 executive Michael Peevey.
 "We're still hopeful for an announcement by Friday," Davis spokesman Steve 
 Maviglio said Wednesday night.
 
 Transmission Grid the Key
 Davis insisted that the transmission grid is key to any deal. The utilities 
 would use cash from the purchase to restructure debt and the state would use 
 its ability to raise money through bond sales to revamp the aging system, 
 which is said to need $1 billion in improvements.
 "That will be part of the solution," Davis said. "I will not sign off on a 
 resolution of this [without the transmission grid]."
 South, the governor's chief political advisor, acknowledged that PG&E is in 
 more difficult financial straits than Edison, largely because the PG&E 
 electricity rate structure set by the Public Utilities Commission is lower.
 But he added that Edison has shown more good faith and interest coming into 
 the negotiations, which began Tuesday in San Francisco.
 "Edison's been coming into these meetings with 50-page binder books with 
 various specific proposals," South said. "PG&E comes in with a handwritten 
 piece of paper and a big huff of arrogance. They act like they are in control 
 when they are in serious soup."
 A spokesman for PG&E declined to comment on South's remarks. The utility has 
 maintained a policy of not discussing the negotiations.
 PG&E's parent company, PG&E Corp., announced Wednesday that it would not be 
 paying its regular dividend of 30 cents per share on common stock for the 
 first quarter of 2001. PG&E said it would not resume paying common stock 
 dividends until it "determines that the financial health of the company will 
 support such action."
 The company has come under intense criticism that it is maintaining a 
 business-as-usual approach while its utility subsidiary was teetering toward 
 bankruptcy.
 While the negotiations with PG&E threatened to prolong the political crisis, 
 the state was emerging from 39 straight days of moderate-to-critical power 
 supply emergencies, having been lifted into the relative calm of a low-level 
 alert by warmer weather, improved electricity reserves and a decrease in the 
 number of power plant shutdowns.
 "We should probably be making a big deal about this, but we just don't have 
 time," said Stephanie McCorkle, a spokeswoman for the California Independent 
 System Operator, which balances supply and demand on the electricity grid 
 serving about 75% of the state.
 The grid controllers have been operating in full crisis mode for months now, 
 using everything short of the Energizer bunny to keep electricity flowing 
 while state leaders looked for solutions to the power market meltdown.
 
 Economic Uncertainty
 For more than a month, the state's transmission grid has been operating under 
 either a Stage 2 or Stage 3 emergency, indicating extremely tight reserves. 
 At noon Wednesday, the grid bumped down to Stage 1--indicating that the state 
 was maintaining reserves at a relatively cushy 7%. That is still below what 
 grid operators consider prudent, but no one was complaining.
 The full effect of the electricity crisis on the state's economy is not yet 
 clear, and independent Legislative Analyst Elizabeth Hill urged state 
 lawmakers Wednesday to take a "wait-and-see" approach as they craft a new 
 budget.
 Still, she left no doubt that she believes the power problems could seriously 
 crimp California's economic outlook.
 Hill said she believes it is safe to assume that electricity costs will rise 
 because of the gap between wholesale prices and regulated rates. If wholesale 
 prices were to stay as high as they are now, she estimated, the state's 
 wholesale electricity costs would climb to $40 billion this year, up from $25 
 billion in 1999.
 Hill made no prediction about whether that would happen. Indeed, Brad 
 Williams, a senior economist in Hill's office, said he thought it likely that 
 prices would decline and that legislation would shield consumers from the 
 full effect of the inflated electricity market.
 
 30-Day Supply Agreement
 Also Wednesday, Reliant Energy of Houston, which has balked at being forced 
 to provide electricity to California when payment for that power is 
 uncertain, said it had reached a 30-day agreement with the state under which 
 the company will continue to provide emergency electricity supplies.
 As a result, a federal judge in Sacramento delayed ruling on a lawsuit filed 
 by state grid operators against Reliant. Instead, U.S. District Judge Frank 
 C. Damrell Jr. extended until Friday afternoon an order forcing Reliant and 
 several other energy suppliers to keep selling to the California grid 
 operators.
 In Huntington Beach, city officials delivered a blow to Davis' plan to 
 accelerate power plant projects, filing an appeal with the California Energy 
 Commission to fight the speedy reactivation of two old gas-fired generators. 
 If they exhaust that process without stopping the plan, they promised to go 
 to court.
 Regardless of whether the appeals succeed, they are likely to tie up the 
 approval process, and in that sense strike against the heart of the 
 governor's plan to expedite power plant projects to meet the energy shortfall 
 expected this summer.
 The AES units--with a combined output of 450 megawatts, enough to serve 
 450,000 typical homes--represent about 10% of the 5,000 megawatts that Davis 
 assured power-starved Californians would be available in time for the summer 
 peak.
 --- 
 Times staff writers Mitchell Landsberg in Los Angeles, Richard Simon in 
 Washington, Julie Tamaki and Rone Tempest in Sacramento and Christine Hanley 
 in Orange County contributed to this story.
 
  