
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 02/23/2001 04:40 PM -----
 

 	02/23/2001 08:34 AM
 		 
























 		  		  
 These committees will all meet on Monday at 1:30 p.m. to hear the
 following bills.  I have included brief descriptions.  The bills are
 however subject to change.
 
 Assembly Energy, Costs and Availability
 
 ABX1 9 (2001-2002), Richman: ASM
 Digest Summary: Under existing law, the State Energy Resources
 Conservation and Development Commission has various powers and duties
 with respect to the siting of thermal powerplants, as defined, in the
 state.
 This bill would require the commission, at the earliest possible time,
 to identify the 10 counties in the state with the highest total
 population and electricity demand for the 10 years preceding January 1,
 2001, and, after completing that identification of counties, to allocate
 a total of 20 sites that are distributed throughout those identified
 counties to be used as a location for a 1000 megawatt thermal powerplant
 and related facilities, as provided.
 
 ABX1 13 (2001-2002), Firebaugh: ASM
 Digest Summary:Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to
 establish a program of assistance to low-income electric and gas
 customers, which is referred to as the California Alternate Rates for
 Energy or CARE program.
 This bill would establish the Low-Income Oversight Board for the purpose
 of monitoring and evaluating the implementation of low-income programs.
 
 ABX1 25 (2001-2002), Runner: ASM
 Digest Summary:Existing law authorizes the governing board of a school
 district that determines during a fiscal year that its revenues are less
 than the amount necessary to meet its current year expenditure
 obligations to request an emergency apportionment through the
 Superintendent of Public Instruction subject to requirements and
 repayment provisions.
 This bill would establish the Interruptible Program Contingency
 Revolving Loan Fund, appropriated to and administered by the State
 Department of Education, to provide loans to school districts, community
 college districts, and private postsecondary educational institutions
 for the purpose of paying unexpected energy costs.
 
 ABX1 26 (2001-2002), Leach: ASM
 Digest Summary:Existing law authorizes the governing board of a school
 district that determines during a fiscal year that its revenues are less
 than the amount necessary to meet its current year expenditure
 obligations to request an emergency apportionment through the
 Superintendent of Public Instruction subject to requirements and
 repayment provisions.
 This bill would establish the continuously appropriated School Energy
 Contingency Revolving Loan Fund to provide loans, to the extent that
 funds are transferred to the fund and according to specified priorities,
 to school districts and charter schools for the purpose of paying
 unexpected energy costs.
 
 ABX1 38 (2001-2002), Jackson: ASM
 Digest Summary: Existing law establishes the California Alternative
 Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority and prescribes
 the duties of the authority with respect to, among other things,
 promoting prompt and efficient development of energy sources that are
 renewable or that more efficiently utilize and conserve scarce energy
 resources.
 The bill would appropriate $150,000,000 from the General Fund to the
 authority for a program to create loan guarantees to underwrite joint
 venture agreements between public power entities, independent
 generators, and utilities for specified purposes.
 
 Assembly Natural Resources:
 
 ABX1 31 (2001-2002), Wright: ASM
 Digest Summary: Existing law authorizes any person to petition the
 hearing board of an air pollution control district or air quality
 management district for a variance from the rules, regulations, or
 orders of the district.
 This bill would provide that a breakdown condition includes, but is not
 limited to, the startup or shutdown of a facility that has complied with
 applicable startup and shutdown procedures, or a failure to operate air
 emission control equipment, if either condition is caused by a power
 interruption or curtailment initiated by the Independent System
 Operator, a public utility electrical corporation, or local publicly
 owned electric utility, as defined.
 
 ABX1 34 (2001-2002), La Suer: ASM
 Digest Summary: The Warren-Alquist State Energy Resources Conservation
 and Development Act authorizes the State Energy Resources Conservation
 and Development Commission, upon a declaration by the Governor or by an
 act of the Legislature that a threat to public health, safety, and
 welfare exists and requires immediate action, to determine that all
 reasonable conservation, allocation, and service restriction measures
 may not alleviate any energy supply emergency, and to authorize the
 construction and use of generating facilities under the terms and
 conditions as specified by the commission to protect the public
 interest.
 This bill would make a legislative declaration that a threat to the
 public health, safety, and welfare exists that requires immediate action
 and that all reasonable conservation, allocation, and service
 restriction measures have not alleviated the energy supply emergency.
 
 ACRX1 2 (2001-2002), Cogdill: ASM
 Digest Summary:This measure would urge the Governor of California to
 expand the current declaration of emergency in California and to exert
 his emergency power authority to increase the production of electricity
 in California and order the Public Utilities Commission to meet in an
 emergency session to enact a comprehensive regulation allowing for
 forward and bilateral contracting of energy purchases without a
 reasonableness review of the contracts.
 
 Senate Natural Resources
 
 SBX1 28 (2001-2002), Sher: SEN
 Digest Summary: Existing law contains various provisions relative to air
 pollution control.
 This bill would require the State Air Resources Board, in consultation
 with air districts and the State Energy Resources Conservation and
 Development Commission, to implement a program for the expedited
 retrofit of electrical generating facilities to ensure that the
 facilities are permitted to operate in a manner that complies with law.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
