
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 03/06/2001 04:24 PM -----
 

 	03/06/2001 02:36 PM
 		 




































 		  		  
 More IEP news for today .... thanks!  Jean
 
 
 -- 
 Jean Munoz
 McNally Temple Associates, Inc.
 916-447-8186
 916-447-6326 (fx)
 
 
 _______________________________________________
 March 6, 2001, Tuesday 02:30 PM Eastern Time
  
 DISTRIBUTION: Business Editors
  
 LENGTH: 1190 words
  
 HEADLINE: Dynegy and NRG Energy Announce Long-term Agreement With California
  Department of Water Resources
  
 DATELINE: HOUSTON & MINNEAPOLIS, March 6, 2001
  
 BODY:
  
  
    Dynegy Inc. (NYSE:DYN) and NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NRG) today announced
 that their affiliates, El Segundo Power LLC, Long Beach Generation LLC and
 Cabrillo I LLC, have entered into an agreement with the California
 Department of Water Resources (DWR) to provide the state with up to 2,300
 megawatts (MW) of energy through 2004.
  
    Under the terms of the agreement which begins today, Dynegy and NRG's
  affiliates will provide 1,000 MW to DWR for the balance of 2001, and
 beginning January 1, 2002 will provide up to 2,300 MW. Financial and other
 terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
  
    "Since last summer, Dynegy and NRG have continued to produce all the
 power the state has requested. We have worked diligently with the DWR to
 capture the value of our in-state generation, balanced with California's
 long-term energy needs," said Steve Bergstrom, president and chief operating
 officer of Dynegy Inc.
  
    Craig A. Mataczynski, president and chief executive officer of NRG North
  America, said, "Today's announcement solidifies our commitment to
 eliminating uncertainty for our respective shareholders and restoring price
 stability and future reliability to the California electricity market."
  
    Dynegy Inc. is a leading provider of energy and communications solutions
 to customers in North America, the United Kingdom and Continental Europe.
 The company's leadership position extends across the entire convergence
 value chain, from power generation and wholesale and direct commercial and
 industrial marketing and trading of power, natural gas, coal emission
 allowances, weather
  derivatives, and broadband to transportation, gathering and processing of
  natural gas liquids. For more information on Dynegy visit our web site at
  www.dynegy.com.
  
    NRG Energy is a leading global energy company primarily engaged in the
  acquisition, development, construction, ownership and operation of power
  generation facilities. NRG owns all or a portion of 66 power generation
 projects
  and its net ownership interest in these projects is 16,704 MW. The
 company's
  operations utilize such diverse fuel sources as natural gas, oil, coal and
 coal
  seam methane, biomass, landfill gas, and hydro, as well as refuse-derived
 fuel.
  More information on NRG Energy is available at www.nrgenergy.com.
  
    Certain statements included in this news release are intended as
  "forward-looking statements" under the Private Securities Litigation Reform
 Act
  of 1995. These statements include assumptions, expectations, predictions,
  intentions or beliefs about future events. Dynegy and NRG caution that
 actual
  future results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in any
  forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual
  results to vary from those Dynegy and NRG expect include changes in
 commodity
  prices for energy or communications products or services; the timing and
 extent
  of deregulation of energy markets in the U.S.; general capital market
  conditions; the effectiveness of Dynegy's and NRG's risk management
 policies and
  procedures; the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale trading markets
 for
  energy commodities, including the impact of electronic or online trading in
  these markets; operational factors affecting Dynegy's and NRG's power
 generation
  or Dynegy's midstream natural gas facilities; and uncertainties regarding
  environmental regulations or litigation and other legal or regulatory
  developments affecting Dynegy's and NRG's businesses. More information
 about the
  risks and uncertainties relating to these forward-looking statements are
 found
  in Dynegy's and NRG's SEC filings, which are available free of charge on
 the
  SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov.
  
    CONTACT: NRG Energy, Inc., Minneapolis
  Media:
  Meredith Moore
  612/373-8892
  or
  Dynegy Inc.
  John Sousa
  713/767-5800
  or
  Analysts:
  Rick Huckle, NRG Energy
  612/313-8900
  or
  Margaret Nollen, Dynegy Inc.
  713/507-6466
  
    URL: http://www.businesswire.com
  
 LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2001
  
                                 2 of 8 DOCUMENTS
  
                   Copyright 2001 PR Newswire Association, Inc.
  
                                   PR Newswire
  
                   March 6, 2001, Tuesday 2:29 PM Eastern Time
  
 SECTION: FINANCIAL NEWS
  
 DISTRIBUTION: TO BUSINESS AND ENERGY EDITORS
  
 LENGTH: 683 words
  
 HEADLINE: Dynegy and NRG Energy Announce Long-Term Agreement With California
  Department Of Water Resources
  
 DATELINE: HOUSTON and MINNEAPOLIS, March 6
  
 BODY:
  
    Dynegy Inc. (NYSE: DYN) and NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NRG) today announced
 that
  their affiliates, El Segundo Power LLC, Long Beach Generation LLC and
 Cabrillo I
  LLC, have entered into an agreement with the California Department of Water
  Resources (DWR) to provide the state with up to 2,300 megawatts (MW) of
 energy
  through 2004.
  
     Under the terms of the agreement which begins today, Dynegy and NRG's
  affiliates will provide 1,000 MW to DWR for the balance of 2001, and
 beginning
  January 1, 2002 will provide up to 2,300 MW.  Financial and other terms of
 the
  transaction were not disclosed.
  
     "Since last summer, Dynegy and NRG have continued to produce all the
 power
  the state has requested.  We have worked diligently with the DWR to capture
 the
  value of our in-state generation, balanced with California's long-term
 energy
  needs," said Steve Bergstrom, president and chief operating officer of
 Dynegy
  Inc.
  
     Craig A. Mataczynski, president and chief executive officer of NRG North
  America, said, "Today's announcement solidifies our commitment to
 eliminating
  uncertainty for our respective shareholders and restoring price stability
 and
  future reliability to the California electricity market."
  
     Dynegy Inc. is a leading provider of energy and communications solutions
 to
  customers in North America, the United Kingdom and Continental Europe.  The
  company's leadership position extends across the entire convergence value
 chain,
  from power generation and wholesale and direct commercial and industrial
  marketing and trading of power, natural gas, coal emission allowances,
 weather
  derivatives, and broadband to transportation, gathering and processing of
  natural gas liquids.  For more information about Dynegy, please visit the
  company's web site at www.dynegy.com.
  
     NRG Energy is a leading global energy company primarily engaged in the
  acquisition, development, construction, ownership and operation of power
  generation facilities.  NRG owns all or a portion of 66 power generation
  projects and its net ownership interest in these projects is 16,704 MW.
 The
  company's operations utilize such diverse fuel sources as natural gas, oil,
 coal
  and coal seam methane, biomass, landfill gas, and hydro, as well as
  refuse-derived fuel.  More information on NRG Energy is available at
  www.nrgenergy.com.
  
     Certain statements included in this news release are intended as
 "forward-
  looking statements" under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
 1995.
  These statements include assumptions, expectations, predictions, intentions
 or
  beliefs about future events.  Dynegy and NRG caution that actual future
 results
  may vary materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking
  statements.  Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to
 vary
  from those Dynegy and NRG expect include changes in commodity prices for
 energy
  or communications products or services; the timing and extent of
 deregulation of
  energy markets in the U.S.; general capital market conditions; the
 effectiveness
  of Dynegy's and NRG's risk management policies and procedures; the
 liquidity and
  competitiveness of wholesale trading markets for energy commodities,
 including
  the impact of electronic or online trading in these markets; operational
 factors
  affecting Dynegy's and NRG's power generation or Dynegy's midstream natural
 gas
  facilities; and uncertainties regarding environmental regulations or
 litigation
  and other legal or regulatory developments affecting Dynegy's and NRG's
  businesses.  More information about the risks and uncertainties relating to
  these forward- looking statements are found in Dynegy's and NRG's SEC
 filings,
  which are available free of charge on the SEC's web site at
 http://www.sec.gov.
  
    SOURCE Dynegy Inc. and NRG Energy, Inc.
  
 CONTACT: media, John Sousa of Dynegy Inc., 713-767-5800; or Meredith Moore
 of
  NRG Energy, Inc., 612-373-8892; or analysts, Margaret Nollen of Dynegy
 Inc.,
  713-507-6466; or Rick Huckle of NRG Energy, Inc., 612-372-5414
  
 URL: http://www.prnewswire.com
  
 LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2001
  
                                 5 of 8 DOCUMENTS
  
                  Copyright 2001 News World Communications, Inc.
  
                               The Washington Times
  
                      March 06, 2001, Tuesday, Final Edition
  
 SECTION: PART B; BUSINESS; Pg. B9
  
 LENGTH: 478 words
  
 HEADLINE: California contracts for power at a lot less
  
 BYLINE: BLOOMBERG
  
 DATELINE: LOS ANGELES
  
 BODY:
  
    LOS ANGELES (Bloomberg) - California Gov.  Gray Davis said the state
 agreed
  to buy electricity from more than 20 suppliers over 10 years at an average
 price
  of $69 per megawatt-hour, less than half the average price utilities paid
 last
  year.
  
    California's Department of Water Resources will buy as much as 8,886
  megawatts, enough to light about 9 million homes, under contracts ranging
 from
  four months to 20 years.  The suppliers include Enron Corp., Calpine Corp.,
 Duke
  Energy Corp., Williams Cos Inc., Dynegy Inc.  and Reliant Energy.
  
    California's two biggest electric utilities, PG&E Corp.'s Pacific Gas &
  Electric and Edison International's Southern California Edison, owe more
 than $
  12 billion to power generators and can't buy more.  The utilities have been
  paying more for power than California regulators allow them to charge
 consumers.
  The state is buying power on behalf of the utilities.
  
    "These agreements are the bedrock of our long-term energy policy," Mr.
 Davis
  told reporters in Los Angeles.  He expects the price of electricity in the
  contracts will prevent the need for further rate increases.
  
    Prices are higher in the first five years, averaging $79 a megawatt-hour,
  then fall to $61 in the past five years, Mr.  Davis said. The state also
 signed
  11 short-term contracts last month to reduce purchases made in day-ahead
 markets
  to an average of $228 a megawatt-hour, down from $330.
  
    In 2000, the price that California's three biggest utilities paid for
 power
  averaged $120 a megawatt-hour, and reached a high of $1,500 on Dec. 12.
  
    The long-term contracts will supply about 75 percent of the power that
  utilities have been unable to purchase for their customers, Mr.  Davis
 said.
  That's only about one quarter of California's consumption.
  
    "This is not a done deal.  We have additional deals that are being put to
  bed," said Davis negotiator David Freeman, general manager of the Los
 Angeles
  Department of Water & Power.  The state expects to purchase another 2,000
  megawatts in contracts that are still being worked out, Mr.  Freeman said.
  
    Still, some generators have been unwilling to supply the state power
 needed
  to avert blackouts this summer because of other contract obligations and
 high
  natural gas prices.
  
    Earlier yesterday, Duke said it tentatively agreed to sell about $4
 billion
  in electricity to California from 2002 to 2010, which would guarantee power
 to
  the state after repeated shortages and emergencies this year.
  
    Calpine Corp.  agreed last week to supply 1,500 megawatts of power to the
 DWR
  in 10-year and 20-year contracts valued at as much as $8.3 billion. Calpine
 and
  Duke refused to sell the state power this summer because the supplies
 already
  have been sold.
  
    "There are about 7,000 megawatts for this summer and deals are still in
 the
  works," Mr.  Freeman said.
  
 LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2001
  
                                 6 of 8 DOCUMENTS
  
                       Copyright 2001 eMediaMillWorks, Inc.
  
                  (f/k/a Federal Document Clearing House, Inc.)
  
                           Congressional Press Releases
  
                              March 5, 2001, Monday
  
 SECTION: PRESS RELEASE
  
 LENGTH: 293 words
  
 HEADLINE: PERSPECTIVES HEARING ON ENERGY ISSUES
  
 BYLINE: JOE BARTON , REPRESENTATIVE , HOUSE , BARTON RELEASES WITNESS LIST
 FOR
  TOMORROW'S CONGRESSIONAL
  
 BODY:
   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, March 5, 2001 Barton Releases Witness List
 for
  Tomorrow's Congressional Perspectives Hearing on Energy Issues Washington
 (March
  5) -- The Energy and Commerce Committee's Energy and Air Quality
 Subcommittee
  Chairman Joe Barton (R-TX) today released a tentative witness list for the
  subcommittee's hearing on Congressional perspectives on electricity markets
 in
  California and the West and national energy policy. The hearing will take
 place
  tomorrow, Tuesday, March 6, at 1:00 p.m. in room 2123 of the Rayburn House
  Office Building.  Members on the first panel will discuss electricity
 markets,
  and Members on the second panel will testify on national energy policy. The
  following witnesses are tentatively scheduled to testify at Tuesday's
 hearing:
  Panel I - The Honorable Duncan Hunter (R-CA) - The Honorable Peter A.
 DeFazio
  (D-OR) - The Honorable Randy Cunningham (D-CA) - The Honorable Bob Filner
 (D-CA)
  - The Honorable George Radanovich (R-CA_ - The Honorable Jay Inslee (D-WA)
 - The
  Honorable Mary Bono (R-CA) - The Honorable Brad Sherman (D-CA) - The
 Honorable
  Susan A. Davis (D-CA) - The Honorable Michael M. Honda (D-CA) - The
 Honorable
  Darrell E. Issa (R-CA) - The Honorable C.L. "Butch" Otter (R-ID) - The
 Honorable
  Mike Thompson (D-CA) Panel II - The Honorable Tom DeLay (R-TX) - The
 Honorable
  J.C. Watts, Jr. (R-OK) - The Honorable Doug Bereuter (R-NE) - The Honorable
  Charles Stenholm (D-TX) - The Honorable Maurice D. Hinchey (D-NY) - The
  Honorable Lynn C. Woolsey (D-CA) - The Honorable Greg Ganske (R-IA) - The
  Honorable Robert B. Aderholt (R-AL) - The Honorable Jay Inslee (D-WA) - The
  Honorable Dennis J. Kucinich (D-OH) - The Honorable John Thune (R-SD) - The
  Honorable Shelly Moore Capito (R-WV)
  
 LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2001, Tuesday
  
 ENERGY UPDATE/Los Angeles Department of Water and Power Daily Energy Update
 for Tuesday, March 6, 2001
 
 Business Wire
 03/06/01, 3:23p
 (Copyright , 2001, Business Wire)
 
 LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 6, 2001--Los Angeles Department of Water
 and Power Daily Energy Update for Tuesday, March 6, 2001:
 
 
 
 -- The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (DWP) continues to
    provide power to our native load customers and surplus energy to
    California. Yesterday, DWP provided between 75 Megawatts (MW) and
    125 MW for a three-hour period to the state through the
    California Energy Resource Scheduling unit.
 
 -- DWP forecasts a peak energy load today in Los Angeles of 3,500 MW.
 
 -- DWP has up to 100 MW of energy available today for sale.
 
 -- This energy will be available to California entities to assist
    them in meeting their normal and emergency energy needs. No power
    will be sold outside of the state during any DOE-certified or ISO
    staged emergency.
 
 -- DWP has 24 major thermal generating units at eight facilities.
    Today, fifteen units are operating including eight of ten base
    load units. Of the nine units not operating, three units have
    scheduled major maintenance activities underway; five units are
    undergoing minor maintenance; and the remaining unit is available
    for use, as the market requires. Hydro resources and pumped
    storage facilities can also be used to meet market demands.
 
 -- The rolling blackouts from power shortages that have occurred in
    other parts of California will not be felt by DWP customers.
 
 -- While electric rates have increased for some utilities in
    California, Los Angeles City residents continue to enjoy stable
    rates that have remained unchanged for nine years. DWP provides
    electricity and water to the city's 3.8 million residents.
 
 
     CONTACT: Los Angeles Department of Water and Power
              Darlene Battle, 213/367-1368
 
     
 
 
