
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 03/07/2001 11:28 AM -----
 

 	03/07/2001 11:27 AM
 		 









 		  		  
 On Monday, 2 March 200, U.S. Representatives Jay Inslee and Peter Defazio 
 (OR-04) requested that the investigative arm of Congress research whether 
 energy producers have been "gaming the market" and unfairly jacking up energy 
 prices in the Western United States.  "My constituents have seen huge 
 increases in their energy prices, and I have seen some reports suggesting 
 that energy producers have deliberately withheld energy from the market in 
 order to drive prices even higher.  I am requesting that the GAO investigate 
 this possible market manipulation, and determine whether these reports are 
 accurate," said Inslee. 
  
 Following is text of the Congressmen's letter to the General Accounting 
 Office:
  
 March 5, 2001
  
 David Walker
 Comptroller General of the United States
 General Accounting Office
 441 G Street NW
 Washington, DC 20548
  
 Dear Mr. Walker:
  
 We are writing to request that the General Accounting Office (GAO) 
 investigate whether power shortages and the subsequent skyrocketing energy 
 prices in California, which has had serious ripple effects throughout the 
 Western United States, was due to market manipulation by energy producers.  
 We are concerned about allegations that energy producers have been 
 manipulating the market by pulling generators offline for no justifiable 
 reason, thus creating an artificial scarcity of energy in order to drive up 
 prices.
  
 The apparent energy shortages in the Western United States will undoubtedly 
 raise issues as to whether we as a nation change our policies toward 
 developing our energy resources and whether we change the manner in which we 
 currently operate Federal hydroelectric facilities.  For example, many 
 elected officials have used the energy crisis as an argument to drill for oil 
 in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and to open for oil and gas 
 exploration millions of recently protected National Forest lands.  To answer 
 these important policy questions which will be considered in the House 
 Committee on Resource, a committee on which we both sit, we believe that we 
 must have an accurate understanding of the causes of the current energy 
 crisis. 
  
 We recognize there are many contributing factors to the current energy 
 crisis, including high natural gas prices, a lack of generation and 
 transmission capacity, and California's failed effort to deregulate its 
 energy market. 
  
 While the economics of supply and demand lead to the conclusion that the 
 scarcity of generation in California has contributed to the high energy 
 prices, it is not clear why there is such a scarcity.  Many analysts point to 
 such variables as inadequate water supplies and the need for increased 
 maintenance as the cause for so much generation unexpectedly being taken 
 offline in California.  According to information we have seen, however, these 
 factors do not come close to fully explaining the scarcity of energy supplies 
 in California. 
  
 For example, it is our understanding that in an absolute low water year, 
 California has more than 45,000 mW of generating capacity available.  
 According to the Western Systems Coordinating Council (WSCC), the entity to 
 which all power generators in the West are required to report their power 
 availability, California has been importing more than 2,000 mW of power, 
 while recent peak demand in California on those same days has hovered around 
 only 30,000 mW.  While almost 10,000 mW of this 17,000 mW difference is duly 
 accounted for as being offline either through planned or unplanned 
 maintenance, there is apparently about 4,000 to 8,000 mW of potential 
 generation in California which is not online for reasons that remain 
 unexplained.
  
 Meanwhile, prices for wholesale electricity have been going through the roof, 
 with some generators and marketers of energy in California earning record 
 high profits.   These energy companies have insisted they are operating their 
 generators at maximum capacity and are not manipulating the market by pulling 
 generation offline.  We have read evidence to the contrary.  For your 
 reference, we have enclosed a report by the private consulting company 
 McCullough Research Group, and a research paper by Massachusetts Institute of 
 Technology economics professor, Mr. Paul Joskow.
  
 The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), the federal agency 
 responsible for ensuring that energy costs are "just and reasonable," has 
 studied the energy crisis in the West.  As you may know, while FERC concluded 
 that energy prices in California are not "just and reasonable," based on a 
 preliminary inquiry, they determined there is insufficient evidence of market 
 manipulation as a contributing factor to the high prices.
  
 Given independent reports that are at odds with FERC's conclusions, we are 
 concerned FERC has not done an adequate job in its investigation of possible 
 market manipulation.  Therefore, we request that you:
  
 Compare the methodology used by FERC with that of Professor Joskow.
  
 Determine whether or not the FERC methodology and investigation were thorough 
 enough to determine whether generating capacity has been withheld without 
 legitimate reason. 
  
 Analyze whether California's deregulation of its electric utility market 
 created a regulatory environment in which a small number of energy generators 
 or marketers are more easily able to manipulate power prices by withholding 
 generation.
  
 Thank you for investigating this matter. Due to the time critical nature of 
 this issue, it is our hope that your office can make this investigation a 
 high priority.
  
 Sincerely,
  
 JAY INSLEE
 Member of Congress 
  
 PETER DEFAZIO
 Member of Congress 
  
  