
 
 I'm in SF.  I'll be here.
 
 
 

 	03/07/2001 05:27 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  Commission Action on Direct Access
 
 We are having a "brainstorming" session in SF Tuesday about how to handle the 
 Complaint proceeding.  Do you have any time to call in?
 
  
    Cc: Smith, Mike
  Commission Action on Direct Access
 
 Tell me it ain't so, Bob.  Hostile would be a gross understatement.  If you 
 would like to chat further let me know.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
 
 

 on Direct Access
 
 
 Jeff, Wood is our Commissioner on the Negative CTC Complaint.  Is he hostile 
 to Direct Access?  I fear I already know the answer.
 
  
    Brenda; Moffett, Carol; Corbin, Cathy; Foster, Chris; Liscano, Christina; 
 Sutter, Craig; Leff, Dan; Whitehead, Debora; Benevides, Dennis; Black, Don; 

 Dupre, Erika; Hughes, Evan; Deltoro, Fran; Muench, Gayle; Dernehl, Ginger; 
 Savage, Gordon; Buchanan, Harold; Kingerski, Harry; Waser, Iris; Steffes, 
 James; Lewis, James; Wright, James; Messina, Jeff; Blachman, Jeremy; Hewitt, 
 Jess; Hartsoe, Joe; Denne, Karen; Bass, Kathy; Dodgen, Kathy; Gustafson, Ken; 
 Hughes, Kevin; Lopez, Leasa; Botello, Leticia; Muller, Mark; Suggs, Marsha; 
 Sunde, Marty; Eggleston, Meredith; Etringer, Michael; Mann, Michael; 

 Paul; Warren, Paula; Zdunkewicz, Richard; Leibert, Richard; Shapiro, Richard; 
 Hennessy, Rita; Yang, Roger; Tijerina, Rosalinda; McCubbin, Sandra; Novosel, 


 Spruiell, Tony; Sharp, Vicki; Gorny, Vladimir; Curry, Wanda; Bradford, 

 Richard; Williams, Robert C.; Wolfe, Greg; Wright, James; VanUlden, Dirk; 
 Walker, Steve; Rudolph, Jennifer; Wenzel, Martin; Condon, Douglas; 

 Neslage, John; Guerrero, Janel; Letke, Eric
  Commission Action on Direct Access
 
 The Commission just voted out one half of the "Bilas Alternate."
 
 The decision that got voted out included Bilas' DWR-based language stating 
 that the PUC 1) would not second-guess DWR purchases and 2) would pass 
 through DWR costs to customers.
 However, in a move led by Commissioner Carl Wood, the decision removed the 
 Bilas language on Direct Access.  The decision therefore did NOT include the 
 Bilas language staying any Commission action on implementing the Direct 
 Access prohibition.  Carl Wood called including Direct Access "the height of 
 arrogance."  
 The decision was voted out 3-2, with the 2 remaining Republicans dissenting.
 That said, the Commission has no proposal before it implementing the 
 prohibition, and there was no talk at the meeting of implementing the 
 prohibition any time soon.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
