
 
 FYI.  Appears that the Davis administration has thrown down the gauntlet, 
 looking to position itself in a way that will allow it to blame the FERC/Bush 
 administration for California's electricity crisis, unless FERC agrees to the 
 ISO's price cap plan.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 03/08/2001 10:41 AM -----
 

 	03/08/2001 10:44 AM
 		 






















































 		  
 
 Greetings:
 Late last night the ISO released a Market Stabilization plan that would
 essentially impose cost based pricing control caps and apply a strict
 California First Policy.
 
 Here's ISO's 3-page sketch to impose cost-based pricing intended to control
 costs on consumers on very short order.  Unit-specific cost-based bid caps
 will apply to ISO markets.  ISO will have dispatch control over all CA
 generation.  Capital costs and return appear to be excluded from the bid
 caps.  ISO will pick of the day-ahead and day-of energy markets lot to the
 demise of CalPX, thus ending the "market separation."  There appears to be
 language that intimates direct unit dispatch, but the document is very thin
 on this. ISO proposes payments based either on the "as-bid" up to unit bid
 cap, or apparently a uniform market-clearing price based on marginal units
 cap.  Out of state resources are paid California capped rates.  Settlement
 will be on numbers other than those posted (so much for transparency).
 There's looking to procure AS based on optimization, although this is not
 spelled out well (it appears that self-provision is gummed up completely).
 
 To prevent "MW Laundering" CA will required in-area generation to make all
 capacity
 available whenever Stage 1 or higher emergency (i.e., reserves below 7%).
 This California
 First! rule means the generation must be scheduled against CA loads or bid
 into day-ahead
 market.  If you don't bid your bid cap is applied.  There will be a capacity
 element
 similar to RMR.  This change will require FERC buy-in, which obviously will
 be
 litigation-central, and its likely to create a cascade of similar
 requirements from other
 states ...
 
 Thanks Andy for the quick summary!
 
 IEP will monitor the Friday call and review all documents to let people know
 what is happening.
 
 Katie Kaplan
 Manager of State Policy Affairs
 Independent Energy Producers Association
 (916) 448-9499
 
 
     
                 ISO Market Participants:
                 Attached is the ISO's draft market stabilization plan.  This
 document will be the basis of our conference call on Friday, March 9th at
 10:00.
                  <<Market Stabilization Draft 010307.doc>>
                 Byron B. Woertz, Jr.
                 Director, Client Relations
                 (916) 608-7066
 
  - Market Stabilization Draft 010307.doc