
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 03/19/2001 11:42 AM -----
 

 	03/19/2001 11:15 AM
 		 








 		  		  
 
 
 The Commission has issued a draft decision in the distributed generation  
 proceeding.? It?adopts the Energy Division's program proposals for  load 
 control and distributed generation initiatives and?authorizes a total  of 
 $137.8 million in funding for these programs, on an annual basis through  
 December 31, 2004.
 
 Since the Commission cannot raise electric utility rates until?it  has 
 determined that the rate freeze is over, it has decided to include the costs  
 of these programs in the utility's distribution revenue requirement, on the  
 electric side, and defer consideration of an electric rate increase until 
 the  rate freeze ends.? 
 ?
 The three utilities are directed, within 15 days, to file Advice Letters  
 increasing their electric distribution revenue requirements, without 
 modifying  current rates, to include the authorized program budgets.? In the 
 interim,  all program costs?are to?be tracked in balancing accounts, and the  
 utilities should establish such accounts for this purpose.? The utilities  
 are also?directed to implement these programs, "without delay."
 
 Under the adopted programs, SDG&E will administer a  demand-responsiveness 
 pilot program, targeted to reach 5,000 residential  customers in its service 
 territory. SCE will administer a similar pilot program,  targeted to 5,000 
 small commercial customers. SDG&E and SCE will provide  financial incentives 
 to customers who agree to set their thermostats at  pre-specified levels.? 
 Through an internet interface, the utility will  monitor and verify actual 
 interruption of loads at the customer site and provide  interactive 
 information to customers about their electric usage, in order to  encourage 
 peak demand reduction.? Within certain parameters, customers will  have the 
 flexibility to override the thermostat settings, subject to  pre-specified 
 penalties. 
 
 The draft decision would?also authorize a pilot program to provide  
 interactive consumption and cost information to small customers, such as  
 historical energy bill information, representative energy usage and cost  
 information for common appliances, and tariff options. PG&E?is directed  
 to?contract with an independent web designer to develop a website that  
 provides customer online access to this information.??The  Commission's?goal 
 is to reach 10,000 to 15,000 customers in PG&E's  service territory.? The 
 program will be targeted to residential customers  with relatively high 
 monthly energy consumption, residential customers with  swimming pools, homes 
 and small businesses in the San Francisco peninsula or in  Silicon Valley, 
 and/or rural residences and small businesses.
 
 The draft decision also proposes to implement a self-generation program  
 across all the utility service territories.? Under the program, financial  
 incentives will be provided to distributed generation technologies for 
 amounts  ranging from $1 - $4 per watt and 30-50% of total project cost, 
 depending on the  type of technology used.? There is a table on page 4 of the 
 draft decision  which shows the amounts of the incentives.? 
 
 The utilities are required to outsource to independent consultants or  
 contractors all program evaluation activities, and are encouraged to 
 outsource  as many other aspects of program implementation as possible.? All  
 installation of technologies (hardware and software) at customer sites will 
 be  done by independent contractors, and not utility personnel.? The 
 utilities  are encouraged to coordinate and work closely with local 
 governments,  community-based organizations and business associations to 
 recruit and contact  interested customers.
 ?
 Dan
  - 3-15-01 Draft Interim Decision.doc