
 
 FYI
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 03/28/2001 11:04 AM -----
 

 	03/27/2001 08:53 PM
 		 























































 		  		  
 The following memo is for discussion during our Wednesday public affairs 
 committee meeting.  
 Thanks!  Jean
 
 
 March 26, 2001
 
 
 MEMORANDUM
 
  Fr:     Ray McNally, Richard Temple, Tony Russo, Jean Munoz, Tom Ross
 Re:   Initiative Campaign Strategy Outline
 
 
 Harvey Rosenfield has on numerous occasions threatened to place an initiative 
 on the 2002 ballot to re-regulate the power industry.
 
 It is not a hollow threat.
 
 Not only has Rosenfield successfully placed initiatives on the ballot in the 
 past, but the current energy crisis has become the number one issue on the 
 minds of voters dd making it easier to qualify a ballot measure.  And our own 
 internal polling for IEP shows voters would initially support the concept of 
 re-regulating the industry.
 
 However, qualifying an initiative for next year?s election is not a foregone 
 conclusion.  And passing one is an even more difficult task.
 
 Rosenfield faces several roadblocks:
 
 o    The current energy issue is complicated, and all potential solutions 
 have weaknesses that could be exploited in a political campaign.
 
 o    IEP?s internal polling shows Rosenfield?s proposal has weaknesses that 
 could be exploited dd including the price tag and the image of a state-run 
 energy department that could be compared to the DMV and CalTrans.
 
 o    Rosenfield would have a difficult time funding a campaign, especially 
 raising the resources to overcome a strong, well funded "no" campaign.
 
 o    The burden of "proof" always falls on the "yes" campaign rather than the 
 "no" campaign.  Voters are concerned about giving their approval to changes 
 that could make things worse.  Rosenfield will have to prove his case beyond 
 a shadow of a doubt, and therefore it is easier to defeat an initiative than 
 it is to pass one. 
 
 o    If power generators become motivated they can be a formidable opponent.
 
 Following is (1) a preliminary timeline Rosenfield would face in trying to 
 qualify an initiative for the ballot in 2002, (2) strategic concepts that 
 should be considered before pursuing a plan to defeat the initiative, (3) 
 preliminary strategic and tactical options in opposing the initiative, and 
 (4) a discussion of campaign costs.
 
 We recommend using this outline as a starting point to develop an effective 
 campaign plan that could successfully defeat Rosenfield if he pursues an 
 initiative strategy.
 
 
 Timeline
 
 To date, no proposed ballot initiative has been submitted to the Attorney 
 General for title and summary.  Accordingly, there is not sufficient time 
 available to qualify an initiative for the March 2002 ballot.  
 
 However, there is still adequate time to qualify a measure for the November 
 2002 ballot.  We believe Rosenfield could submit a measure to the Attorney 
 General as late as September, 2001 and still qualify the initiative for the 
 November 2002 ballot dd especially if the summer months produce power 
 blackouts, skyrocketing energy bills, and the image of a bungling Governor, 
 legislature and regulators.
 
 The following timeline would allow Rosenfield to submit language for title 
 and summary as late as September 28, 2001 and qualify the initiative for the 
 November 2002 ballot:
 
 September 28, 2001
 
 Proposed measure is submitted to the AG for title and summary.
 
 November 20, 2001
 
 Attorney General prepares and issues title and summary.  Proponent can begin 
 circulating petitions.
 
 April 19, 2002
 
 The proponent files the petitions with county elections officials.
 
 May 1, 2002
 
 County elections officials complete petition raw count totals and certify raw 
 numbers to the Secretary of State.
 
 June 23, 2002
 
 County elections officials verify and certify results of the number of valid 
 signatures in their counties and turn in counts to the Secretary of State.
 
 June 27, 2002
 
 Secretary of State determines if the initiative qualifies for the ballot. 
 Proponent needs 670,816 valid signatures to qualify a constitutional 
 amendment or 419,260 valid signatures to qualify a straight statute.
 
 
 Strategic Concepts
 
 There are several strategic concepts that should be reviewed:
 
 o    While satisfying Rosenfield may be impossible, IEP could push hard to 
 ensure a "solution" is passed by the legislature to give credibility to the 
 criticism that Rosenfield is an extremist whose initiative could undercut the 
 legislative remedy.
 
 o    The industry could organize a well-funded campaign that contains an 
 early advertising blitz to quickly define the ballot measure in the most 
 negative manner possible, and that delivers a knock out punch in October.
 
 o    Generators could promote a counter-initiative proposal, either through 
 the legislature or qualified by petition dd stopping Rosenfield?s proposal if 
 more "yes" votes are received for the counter initiative than the Rosenfield 
 measure.
 
 o    Paid signature gathering firms could be put on contract for 
 industry-related business dd thus keeping these firms off the table for 
 Rosenfield.  Another variation would be to hire firms to gather signatures 
 calling for legislative action dd thus gaining names of voters who support 
 our position, but also keeping signature gatherers too busy to help 
 Rosenfileld. 
 
 o    The industry could pay to gather signatures on petitions that removes 
 names of people who may have signed the petition for Rosenfield?s 
 initiative.  This could cut down the number of valid signatures accepted by 
 county election officials.
 
 o    A paid advertising campaign could be run during the proposal?s signature 
 gathering phase urging voters not to sign the petitions.  An added benefit of 
 the concept is defining the proposal early if it still qualifies for the 
 ballot. 
 
 o    We could organize a legal assault on the proposal dd stopping their 
 signature gathering efforts or keeping it off the ballot.
 
 
 Campaign Strategy
 
 If the proposal qualifies for the ballot, the industry must pursue an 
 aggressive strategy to defeat the measure.  We need to identify weaknesses in 
 the proposal and share those weaknesses with voters.  We must also push 
 voters to question the motives behind the initiative.  We need to make sure 
 voters are uncomfortable with all or portions of the initiative to ensure 
 they vote no despite wanting adequate and affordable energy.
 
 The campaign should conduct thorough research to determine the best strategy 
 to defeat the measure.  Initially we believe the "no" campaign should focus 
 on testing and developing the following messages:
 
 o    The measure will hurt taxpayers.  A $40 billion price tag is too much 
 for voters to accept as the only solution to the problem.
 
 o    The proposal will hurt public services.  The cost of Rosenfield?s 
 measure will keep money away from more important programs  dd like schools, 
 public safety and programs for children and seniors.
 
 o    The ballot measure is simply a way for elected officials to get more tax 
 dollars to cover up their failures dd and they should not be rewarded with 
 public support.
 
 o    Rosenfield?s proposal will result in higher taxes to pay for more 
 bureaucracy and wasted tax dollars.
 
 o    The proposal will result in more inefficient government that will 
 produce unreliable power dd hurting consumers, and vital services such as 
 hospitals and public safety.
 
 o    The measure will hurt the economy and cost jobs at a time when the 
 economy is hurting.
 
 Campaign Tactics 
 
 The campaign should follow an aggressive battleplan that includes the 
 following components:
 
 Research
 
 Focus groups and quantitative surveys should be conducted to help craft the 
 best messages to attack the proposal.  This research would also be important 
 in efforts to secure the most favorable ballot title and summary possible to 
 our goal of defeating it.
 
 Demographic and election research should also be conducted to determine 
 voters most open to our campaign messages.  We should also conduct thorough 
 research on Rosenfield to expose his true motivations for proposing this 
 measure and its inherent weaknesses.
 
 Legal, Title & Summary, and Ballot Argument Challenges
 
 We should pursue every possible legal option to either get the proposal off 
 the ballot, or ensure the most favorable title & summary and weakened ballot 
 arguments for the initiative sponsors.  Our experience shows that the ballot 
 title and summary can swing initial vote margins either way by as much as 10 
 points.
 
 Paid Advertising
 
 Statewide campaigns in California require paid advertising dd including 
 electronic media, direct mail, and telemarketing.  Advertising should be 
 carefully targeted to ensure the most "bang for the buck."
 
 Earned Media
 
 Editorial support is an important part of successful statewide campaigns, as 
 is ensuring favorable media coverage of the campaign.  A focused earned media 
 campaign would greatly enhance the chances for success and editorial support 
 and Op-Ed?s can provide important third party credibility to the no campaign.
 
 Coalition Building
 
 It will be critical for the industry to gain credible allies in its fight 
 against Rosenfield.  We do not want the campaign to be portrayed as 
 generators versus consumer groups.  Therefore, we need credible, third party 
 groups standing along side us to broaden our appeal and message, like 
 taxpayer groups, business leaders, consumer organizations, energy experts, 
 economists, educators, law enforcement and seniors.
 
 
 Campaign Costs
 
 How much will be needed to defeat Rosenfield will depend on several factors.  
 Depending on several variables, the cost of a "no" campaign can range from a 
 few million dollars to as much as the $40 million spent to defeat Proposition 
 9.  
 
 Campaign costs to defeat ballot measures are contingent upon several 
 variables:
 
 o    The popularity of the measure with voters.  The more they like it on the 
 natural, the more expensive it will be to defeat the measure.
 
 o    How much money Rosenfield can raise to promote the measure.  If he has 
 few resources, the "no" campaign will have an uncontested paid advertising 
 campaign, which will make defeating the proposal much easier.
 
 o    How bad the energy crisis impacts voters.  If the next 15 months produce 
 an on-going crisis, campaign costs will rise.
 
 o    The effectiveness of messages against the proposal.  If focus group and 
 survey research confirm the proposal has an Achilles heel, the cost to defeat 
 the measure will go down dramatically.
 
 Thorough research of Rosenfield?s actual proposal will better enable us to 
 recommend a campaign plan, message and budget.  In summary, defeating the 
 Rosenfield initiative will cost from a few to several million dollars and a 
 united industry effort.
 
