
 
 

 16:24:29 -0700 -----
   RESPONSE TO PG&E DECISION TO FILE FOR BANKRUPTCY
 ATTORNEY GENERAL BILL LOCKYER ISSUES STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PG&E DECISION 
 TO FILE FOR BANKRUPTCY
 
 (SACRAMENTO) - Attorney General Bill Locker today released the following 
 statement regarding Pacific Gas & Electric's decision to file for bankruptcy:
 
 "The uncontrolled increase in electricity prices by generators and marketers 
 has claimed another victim with the bankruptcy of one of California's oldest 
 businesses. While this is a significant and unwelcome development, our team 
 of bankruptcy litigators has been
 preparing for several months to defend California taxpayers in the event of a 
 utility bankruptcy. This morning, I spoke with a PG&E executive, and he 
 personally assured me that the utility will honor its legal obligation to pay 
 the state for its purchase of energy and
 to repay its renewable energy supplier-creditors ("qualified facilities"). I 
 am prepared to enforce those assurances in the courts to the extent 
 necessary. Over the last several months, our state attorneys have fought hard 
 in the courts to ensure that out-of-state
 generators continue to deliver adequate electricity and natural gas supplies 
 to Californians in spite of the precarious financial condition of the state's 
 two major utilities. The health and safety of Californians and the future of 
 our economy require that our state not be left holding the bag for greedy 
 business decisions of generators, marketers and utilities. Justice requires 
 that those who have reaped unconscionable profits at the expense of 
 Californians must pay back what they owe. I will use all the considerable 
 resources of the law to help our policymakers keep the lights on and the 
 bills affordable for every California home and business, to recover 
 California tax and ratepayer dollars that have been illegally or unfairly 
 taken, and to punish wrongdoers."
 
 AWARD TO INFORMANTS
 
 "It is possible that one or more members of the public can help with 
 information, and if so, the financial reward to such a person or persons 
 could be enormous. My office is conducting an aggressive investigation into 
 whether energy providers have violated any laws. Over the last four years, 
 state and local government agencies have spent billions of dollars in state 
 and local taxpayer money to purchase electricity and natural gas. Under 
 California false claims law, any person or corporation who obtains state 
 taxpayer money by fraud or illegal acts is liable for financial penalties 
 that can be as high as three times the actual losses. And anyone who provides 
 information leading to the successful prosecution of a false claim action may 
 be entitled to a percentage share in that award. Since billions of state 
 dollars may be recovered, the award to an informant could potentially range 
 from $50 million to the
 hundreds of millions of dollars. I am asking any member of the public with 
 personal knowledge of any wrongful act which may have resulted in reduction 
 in the California supplies or increase in the price of natural gas or 
 electricity to contact my office immediately by calling: 1-800-952-5225 (w/in 
 CA) or (916) 322-3360 (local or out of state), or e-mail the Attorney 

 
                                                                               
             # # # #
 
