
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 04/23/2001 03:18 PM -----
 

 	04/23/2001 03:00 PM
 		 


















 		  		  
 
 April 23, 2001 SCAQMD OKs $1.7M to Buy, Install Capstone MicroTurbines 
 WOODLAND HILLS, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)
 The Governing Board of California's South Coast Air Quality Management 
 District today approved $1.74 million to purchase 30- and 60-kilowatt 
 microturbines and installation services from Capstone California, a wholly 
 owned subsidiary of Chatsworth-based Capstone Turbine Corp.
 
 The SCAQMD notes in an agenda item document on its Web site that it intends 
 to ``distribute the installation of 30 kW and 60 kW MicroTurbines over the 
 counties of Orange, Riverside, and San Bernardino. (SCAQMD) staff is in the 
 process of identifying landfills that have waste gases that are not presently 
 utilized, as well as schools, colleges, hospitals, and other suitable 
 recipients that may be able to utilize these turbines for power generation... 
 The proposed MicroTurbine project will produce clean power at various 
 locations, using natural gas or landfill gas, and thus help mitigate the 
 energy crisis to the extent feasible. Landfill gas utilization is a net 
 environmental benefit since this energy may be currently wasted. The Capstone 
 MicroTurbines will produce power with emissions typically lower than that of 
 the average power generation mix in California, and with much lower emissions 
 than stand-by diesel generators.''
 
 In discussing microturbine technology, the document states, ``While several 
 manufacturers have been developing MicroTurbine technology over the last few 
 years, Capstone MicroTurbines are commercially available today in 30 kW and 
 60 kW sizes, with reported NOx emissions below 9 ppm (at 15% O2) which 
 represents very low emissions for this type of equipment. Capstone 
 MicroTurbines are manufactured in Southern California and ... have been 
 extensively tested at University of California, Irvine and found to be 
 reliable and durable. At this time, they represent one of the cleanest and 
 most readily available options for distributed power generation from 
 MicroTurbines to mitigate the energy crisis in Southern California.''
 
 One month ago, Capstone California announced a $4-million purchase of 
 30-kilowatt Capstone MicroTurbines by the Los Angeles Department of Water and 
 Power (www.ladwp.com). The purchase was part of an unprecedented cooperative 
 agreement between the SCAQMD and the LADWP. 
 (c) 1999 Business Wire. 