
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 04/25/2001 09:46 AM -----
 

 	04/25/2001 09:41 AM
 		 




 		  		  
 

 2001 10:19:24 -0500 -----




  FYI
 
 Calif. bill would penalize energy price gougers 
 
 
 --
      SAN FRANCISCO, April 23 (Reuters) - California legislators could be 
 handed a bill this week that, if approved, would make it a criminal offense 
 for anyone caught price gouging in the state's volatile energy market, a 
 legislative source told Reuters. 
 
      "We are right now waiting on final language for a bill that would 
 propose putting penalties on energy companies which have engaged in price 
 gouging," the source said. 
 
      He said the bill, likely to be introduced in the Assembly Wednesday, 
 would seek stiff financial penalties for violators. 
 
      It was not yet clear how long it would take for the bill to make its way 
 to the Assembly floor for debate. 
 
      The bill follows a call earlier this month by Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante 
 for laws making it a felony for energy companies "to charge unreasonable and 
 unjust energy rates". 
 
      A spokesman for Bustamante confirmed the proposed legislation would 
 address California's soaring natural gas prices, more than quadruple what 
 they were a year ago and now the highest in the nation, but was unsure when 
 the bill would go to the Assembly. 
 
      High natural gas prices have played a key role in pushing up power 
 prices because gas-fired turbines are the single biggest source of 
 electricity in California, providing more than a third of the power used by 
 the state's 34 million residents. 
 
      California's power crisis stems from a 1996 deregulation plan that 
 allowed wholesale prices to soar but capped retail rates. The result has been 
 a string of rolling blackouts in January and March, rising rates, a spotty 
 power supply and the bankruptcy of the state's biggest utility. 
 
      But a number of state officials believe price gouging and illegal 
 activity have been behind the sharp rise in power and gas prices in 
 California. 
 
      The California Independent System Operator, which operates most of the 
 state power grid, filed two reports with federal regulators in late March 
 alleging more than $6 billion in overcharges by wholesale power suppliers 
 over a 10-month period. 
 
      The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which regulates interstate 
 electricity and gas sales and transmission, has also accused 13 western power 
 generators of overcharging California utilities $124 million for wholesale 
 power in January and February. 
 
      FERC ordered $69 million in refunds on power bought in January and $55 
 million for purchases in February. 
 
      Energy companies like Duke Energy , EL Paso Energy Corp. and Dynegy have 
 repeatedly denied any wrongdoing in California's chaotic wholesale power 
 market, arguing the prices they charge reflect the underlying cost of power 
 generation, tight supplies throughout the region, and the high financial risk 
 of doing business in the state. 
 
      Last week, California Attorney General Bill Lockyer asked San Francisco 
 Superior Court to force power generators Reliant Energy Inc. and Mirant Corp. 
 to turn over documents subpoenaed in his probe of possible price gouging in 
 the state after the two firms failed to produce the documents. 
 
      Lockyer, who initiated this investigation last August, is also 
 conducting a similar investigation into whether anti-competitive practices 
 are behind the rise in gas prices. 
 
      It is unknown when that investigation will be completed. 
 
      
 
 
 
 --
 Copyright , 2001 Reuters Limited. 
 
