
 
 This is real helpful.
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 05/07/2001 06:44 PM -----
 

 	05/07/2001 12:16 PM
 		 




 		  		  In CA
 
 

 2001 10:49:32 -0500 -----






  FYI
 
 Murkowski Challenges Capitalists To Cap Runaway Power Prices In CA
 
 In what some observers believe could be a watershed change in rhetoric, 
 Senate energy policy leader Frank Murkowski (R-AK) is berating the capital 
 community for not coming forward and detailing what kind of ceiling on 
 wholesale power prices it would take to insure adequate generation -- but 
 head off continued economic damage to the state of California.
 
  The criticism signals that the chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural 
 Resources Committee has grown impatient with the hail of philosophical 
 charges and counter-charges that have followed FERC's April 26 order on the 
 California market and is turning elsewhere than FERC for a solution. Sources 
 also say it may be a signal that there is a majority on his committee that 
 would support some kind of legislative control on the wholesale power market 
 in the West.
 
 "I am issuing an admonition to the financial community," Murkowski said at 
 the conclusion of a hearing on the recent FERC order. "If the financial 
 community will come in and say what terms and conditions they will need to 
 bring new generation into the state, we can cut through this chatter."
 
 Among other provisions, the FERC order institutes a plan for price controls 
 during Stage 1 and higher power emergencies. Lawmakers at the hearing, 
 especially from California and the West, criticized the action as 
 insufficient to prevent price gouging.
 
 FERC Chairman Curt Hebert said the limited nature of the price controls will 
 continue to provide the power industry with incentives to build power plants 
 in California.
 
 Murkowski called on financial interests attending the hearing to settle the 
 debate.
 
 "Tells us what you will or will not do under a price cap," said Murkowski. 
 
 Murkowski indicated that the answer to his question should come directly from 
 top figures in the financial community. 
 
 Murkowski also signaled that Congress may step in and take legislative action 
 on the California crisis. 
 
 "We have to question the adequacy of the order and introduce legislation to 
 address problems if necessary," Murkowski said.
 
 The sentiment was echoed by other members of the Committee. 
 
 "We cannot allow our government to sit idly by and allow a tragically flawed 
 and easily manipulated power market wreak havoc on our economy," Sen. Maria 
 Cantwell told Hebert. "If you're not going to take action, Congress is going 
 to act."
 
 All three FERC commissioners testified at the hearing but it was Chairman 
 Curt Hebert who was on the receiving end of most of the criticism.
 
 "FERC has done a wonderful imitation of a potted plant," Sen. Byron Dorgan 
 (D-ND) told Hebert. "Regulation is not a four letter word. The market system 
 sometimes gets out of wack.
 
 Commissioner William Massey also criticized FERC's order, and acted as 
 counterpoint to Hebert throughout the hearing. Commissioner Linda Breathitt 
 defended her support of the April 26 order.
 
 "One thing is clear, you all don't get along very well," observed Dorgan.
 
 "I'm amazed at what's been done," said Murkowski in defending FERC's action 
 over the past several weeks. "It's better than nothing."
 
 "I've been disappointed," replied Dorgan. "I hope FERC decides it's a 
 regulatory body and steps up and takes some action."
 
 Sen. Feinstein suggested to Hebert that FERC take a closer look at the impact 
 of skyrocketing natural gas prices on the exorbitant increase in electricity 
 prices in California.
 
 In response, Hebert announced that FERC was holding a technical conference 
 May 24 on current and projected natural gas pipelines into California.
 
 "I agree that this is a natural gas situation and we intend to look into this 
 as well," Hebert said.
 
 
 Source: EnergyWashington.com
  , Inside Washington Publishers
 
 
 
 
