
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 05/21/2001 01:19 PM -----
 

 	05/21/2001 01:24 PM
 		 



























































 		  		  
 Following is the editorial that resulted from IEP's editorial board meeting 
 with the Orange County register on 
 May 24:
 
 
 Is price gouging root of crisis? 
 Orange County Register Editorial
 May 21, 2001
 
 The president is "allowing the price-gouging energy companies, many of whom 
 reside in Texas, to get away with murder," Gov. Gray Davis said on Thursday 
 in response to a George W. Bush energy plan that doesn't call for caps on the 
 price of electricity sold by out-of-state generators to California. 
 
 This remark captured the essence of the Davis approach to the energy 
 problems: Blame everybody else, call for government price controls even 
 though they historically have reduced the supply of energy, and use divisive 
 and even conspiratorial rhetoric.
 
 On the same day Governor Davis was blasting the Bush energy plan, his 
 appointee who runs the Public Utilities Commission, Loretta Lynch, told a 
 newspaper that power generators purposefully keep their plants idle to jack 
 up prices. Attorney General Bill Lockyer said that he found evidence of what 
 Ms. Lynch called "artificial shortages."
 
 We're interested in seeing the evidence, of course. But it looks suspiciously 
 like politicians are using the "power-gouging" theory as a way to bluster 
 rather than come up with concrete solutions. It also is a way for those who 
 are ideologically hostile to deregulation - perhaps cynical of business and 
 capitalism in general - to demonize merchant generators and pave the way for 
 a government takeover.
 
 No doubt, wholesale electricity prices have skyrocketed. Prices zoomed from 
 $200 a megawatt hour late last year to nearly $2,000 last week, according to 
 the San Francisco Chronicle. The newspaper reports that plant shutdowns are a 
 cause of the price spike.
 
 Yet a number of analysts have found the price-gouging theory to be dubious. A 
 Dow Jones Newswire column analyzed Federal Energy Regulatory Commission data 
 on the amount of forced outages over the past two summers. Yes, there were 
 nearly four times as many plant closures by plants owned by five big 
 producers in summer 2000 than in summer 1999. But, as writer Mark Golden 
 pointed out, outages for all plants - including municipally owned ones and 
 small Qualifying Facilities that have no incentive to game the system - were 
 658 percent higher in summer 2000 than in summer 1999. The writer notes that 
 "four of the Big 5 are either constructing big new generators in California 
 or have applied for permits to do so. That would seem to fly in the face of a 
 withholding strategy."
 
 An April paper co-authored by William Hogan, a professor at the John F. 
 Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, could not prove there 
 wasn't manipulation, but explained, "it is unlikely to be the dominant factor 
 and may not even be significant."
 
 The bigger issue, the Hogan paper argued, is the "seriously flawed" 
 restructuring system that caused the electricity market collapse. "[T]he 
 principal policy focus should be on fashioning workable solutions for the 
 other more serious problems in the market design that relate to the 
 underlying causes of the market meltdown."
 
 Other analysts argue that, to whatever degree price-gouging has taken place, 
 it is solely the fault of the retail price caps and other government rules 
 that have distorted the market.
 
 The large number of shutdowns has not been the result of any conspiracy, the 
 power generators say, but the result of needed maintenance on facilities that 
 have been overworked. Many of these are older plants that require more 
 shutdowns for maintenance than new ones.
 
 "People can invest money in various different markets," Jan Smutny-Jones told 
 us; he is executive director of the Independent Energy Producers Association 
 in Sacramento, which represents QFs and merchant generators. With politically 
 charged hearings, demonization of power generators, proposals for 
 excess-profits taxes and threats of seizing property made by California 
 Democrats, he said generators may conclude that California is a dangerous 
 place to invest.
 
 Gov. Davis said the Bush plan won't add any new electrical power. But neither 
 will Davis' grandstanding about price-gougers. 
 
 In fact, it may even dissuade electricity investment. The governor needs to 
 apply his "will it create new power?" standard to his own rhetoric, then get 
 busy leading the state out of this mess. 