
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 05/31/2001 05:09 PM -----
 

 	05/31/2001 05:03 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Jeff,
 
 Regarding your voice mail, here is information on today's Dunn hearing:
 
 While today's hearing is still going on, here is what transpired with
 Edward Kahn as of 2:40 p.m..
 
 Kahn went over his previously released SCE sponsored report on
 withholding.  He discounted the Mirant sponsored Hogan report as
 inconclusive and indicated that he will be releasing a response
 shortly.  Kahn indicated that Tim Belden refuted his report at a meeting
 in Santa Fe but that Tim would not "predictably" release hard copies of
 his report.  Kahn also referenced an Enron document addressing his
 report contained in an Enron FERC filing.  Senator Dunn told his staff
 to make note of Tim's name and the reports.
 
 Senator Dunn indicated that the committee is now in possession of
 confidential ISO documents.
 
 Regarding Pescetti, he called Smutney, Gary Ackerman and I into a
 meeting.  Gary did not show up.  Anthony discussed four items he is
 considering legislatively:
 
 1) Edison deal minus the assets with a rate cap.  He is concerned that
 if SCE goes under the state will implement the PPA through drastic
 measures.
 2) Establishing a 15 month cost-plus rate cap with one condition, the
 state must build 10,000 mw within the 15 months or the cap will be
 lifted.
 3) Direct access (I told him to talk to Dave Kelley before he does
 anything)
 4) Expedited Path 15 legislation, perhaps with partial generator
 funding.
 
 He expressed interest in real time metering as a means to increase
 conservation.  Smutney suggested using part of the PPA money to install
 meters for all customers.  I told him Enron used these meters with great
 success for the industrials.  Anthony had some concern with reliability
 so I told him I would get information.  I'm working with Elizabeth
 Linell on this.
 
 He also expressed interest in buy-down so I gave him Enron's plan.
 
 Anthony said he is working alone on these proposals.
 
 Scott
 
