
 
 Well, get out there and weed, then.   Can't take Annie (too short a trip).  
 I'm pretty sure that we'll be there.  Make tee times for 9 am?  You can wait 
 till we see you to pay.  They did charge corkage---just a nice, not too 
 expensive place.
 
 
 

 	05/31/2001 12:49 PM
 		 


 		  		  
 There are a few pesky little weeds around some - not all - the tomatoes.
 Lots around the melons, some in the herbs and flowers.  So you are not
 taking Annie with you??  Please scout around for Liz Whiting's car keys.
 They were in her purse and she can't find them now.  Look under the beds
 etc. upstairs if you would please.
 
 It had to be more than $50 per person!!!  Did they not charge the
 corkage????????  Shall I mail you a check or wait till you are in  Napa?  We
 would love to play golf Sunday - I will make a time if you are sure you will
 be there - what time would you like??
 
 That shirt?????????  Puh-leez.
 
 
 
 

  
 
 
 Puh-leez.  We did the plastic and the rocks to avoid weeding.  How can
 there be any weeding?  Unfortunately we can't stop by on the way up, but
 likely on the way back, which may be Saturday night.  If so, do you guys
 wan't to play golf on Sunday morning?  (Prentice is leaving with her pals
 today, and I'm heading up sometime tomorrow.)
 
 Dinner was exactly $50/person.  Thanks for bringing the wine----my shirt
 loved it.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 
  
 
                     Nancy Sellers
 

                     ndavi.com>

  


 
                                                    cc:
 
                                                     
  
 
 
 
 
 Just in from watering the west 40.  I think this is going to be our best
 year ever - lookin' good, lookin' good.  However, there is some serious
 weeding that someone needs to do!!!
 
 I am presuming you guys are stopping in Napa before your dome trek (which
 is
 why I thought I could give you a check immediately!).  Is that the case?
 If
 so, I hope you can join us in a nummy little repast!  If not, I will put a
 check in the mail when you let me know the amount.  Unlike some, I always
 carry my checkbook with me!
 
 Those were incredibly beautiful knives that you guys gave Cameron!
 
 
 
 Nancy
 (707) 251-4870 (phone)
 (707) 265-5446 (fax)
 "Plus je bois, mieux je chante"
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
