
 
 Thanks.  We're going to do it with ENA---dinner at Morton's (yes, it's beef, 
 beef, beef).  Then "Stomp" afterwards.  Taking place on Friday the 15th.
 
 
 

 	10/23/2000 11:43 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 December 14-16 work best for me.  Let's make sure activity and dinner isn't 
 too rich.
 Jeff Dasovich|NA|Enron wrote on 10/11/00 10:52 am:
 
 OK, given the Enron Xmas party in Houston, and Sue's request that weekends be 
 included in the ballot, please repond to the dates listed below.  Please give 
 1) your top 3 preferences, and 2) any days for which you have a (true) 
 conflict.  Thanks.  Also, unless I hear otherwise, we'll assume that partners 
 and children come included.  Thanks.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 Nov. 30, Dec. 1, Dec. 2
 Dec. 14th, 15th, 16th
 
 
 


 
 I always like an activity -- I like to include kids too if that's OK with 
 others
 
 I'm fine with including the rest of the office -- that would probably limit 
 any activity we would do -- the other business units would have to agree to 
 accept any liability to cover last minute back outs (like ENA two years 
 ago).  It would also maker the event very BIG -- so I'd be more happy with 
 just GA - but I can go either way.
 
 We should include Marcie, Paul, Carl, Roger and Peter and families -- if they 
 want to come 
 
 School nights are bad -- even without kids -- so the 7th doesn't work.  We're 
 also supposed to be in Houston on the 7th and 8th --so the 8th doesn't work.  
 I vote for the following weekend -- fri or Sat
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Susan J Mara/SFO/EES on 10/11/2000 09:41 
 AM ---------------------------


   
 Well, it's upon us again and that means X-Mas party.  
 
 Joseph and I have begun (barely) to plan for this year's festivities.  But 
 before we get to far along, tried and true democratic (small "d") principles 
 call for a wee bit of polling.  
 
 Because we're already in the middle of October we need your responses 
 pronto.  If we don't receive your responses by COB Thursday, then democracy's 
 out the window, and good ol' dictatorship takes over.  
 
 Of course, it will be difficult to grant everyone's wishes, but all 
 suggestions will be given great (and equal) weight.  Here are the questions:
 
 Would you prefer just dinner, or dinner plus an activity?
 
 Joseph and I are leaning toward dinner and an activity, but wanted to hear 
 from other folks.  If yes, Joseph has come up with a couple of very fun ideas 
 for an activity but suggestions are greatly encouraged and welcome.  Same 
 goes for a restaurant (understanding that the choice of activity may 
 influence where we eat).  Sue has put in her vote for Fleur de Lys.
 
 Should we try to organize the event with the rest of the SF office (i.e., EES 
 and ENA) or confine it to GA?
 Should we expand to include Western GA or keep it to SFGA?
 We choose for dates the 7th or 8th or 14th or 15th of December.  What's your 
 preference.  Is there a day that just won't work?
 
 Joseph, if I've missed anything, please tack on.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
