
 
 Greetings Colleen:
 I'm not sure who's still working on this and who's not, but sometime back, we did a very extensive effort with Tim Hamilton and the rest of the EES team to get all information compiled regarding OFOs behind PG&E and SoCalGas.  I'm hoping that that information still exists so we can hopefully avoid recreating the wheel.  If, for some reason, the information is lost, the good news is that all OFO tariffs are compiled and easily retrievable on the SoCalGas' and PG&E's websites.  Please let me know how else we can help.
 
 Best,
 Jeff
 
  
    Cc:	Migden, Janine; Dasovich, Jeff
  
 Thank you so much for this information.  It is EXTREMELY helpful to our efforts.  Thank you so much for the quick response.  I'll wait to hear for sure on the Chicago utilities, and hopefully on the California ones as well??  Again, thanks.
 
 		Colleen Sullivan
 
  
    Cc:	Sullivan, Colleen; Migden, Janine; Dasovich, Jeff; Boston, Roy
  
 Leslie -- Funny you should ask.  Columbia of Ohio called 51 OFO/OMO days last winter.  Other Columbia companies ( C of Penn., C of VA) did likewise.  Attached is a confidential draft complaint from our attorney in Ohio that I believe provides the info you seek.  Also attached is the Complaint filed by Hess,et al in Pennsylvania against Columbia there.  The facts and allegations are essentially the same:  confiscation/interruption of banked gas during OFO; OFO called for economic, not operational  reasons; heavy penalties for failure to deliver full MDQ; etc. 
 My recollection is that Peoples and NorthShore called few, if any OFOs last winter.  Ditto for Nicor. I have a call in to those that know first hand about these latter three utilities so I'll forward that answer as soon as I receive it.
 Please call if you have any questions or if can be of further assistance.
 
  << File: COHdftComp.DOC >> 		 << File: HessCompl.pdf >> 		 << File: HessCompl2.pdf >> 
 
 
 
 

 
 Can you folks help me get the info on OFOs on the LDCs below to Colleen Sullivan, who is working with EES on this.  Thanks.  
 
  
     
 Last week I asked you about OFOs and you requested a list of the LDCs we are most interested in.  At this time (and in this order), I need any information you can give us on OFO history (frequency, actual dates, reason for OFO--system long or short?, etc.) on the following LDCs:
 
 	PG&E, Socal	
 	NIGAS, Peoples (Chicago), Northshore
 	Columbia of Ohio
 
 This is a good starting point for now.  Just so you know, we need this data as we are trying to verify/set/modify (whatever you want to call it), the price curves being set by the traders reflecting LDC risk.  Obviously, the frequency of OFOs will affect our risk of doing business on a particular LDC, so we need to try to compare and access charges associated with each.  Any help or direction you can provide on where to get this data would be most appreciated.
