
 
 With Jim in Sacramento tomorrow, and hearings scheduled to discuss addition=
 al amendments, seems like a good opportunity for Jim to testify and knock s=
 ome sense into the damn committee. They won't know what hit 'em.
 =20
 Best,
 Jeff
 
 =20
    Hansen; Hedy Govenar; Buster, Miyung; Guerrero, Janel; Robert Frank; Mike D=
 ay; Lawner, Leslie; Kingerski, Harry; Karen Denne; Kean, Steven J.; Alan Co=
 mnes; Susan J Mara; Kaufman, Paul; Jeff Dasovich; Steffes, James D.; Rick S=
 hapiro=20
 Cc:=20
  
 
 
 The Assembly Energy, Costs and Availability Committee heard and voted on
 amendments to SBX2 78 proposed by many interested parties.  Some passed,
 some failed and most of them served to further confuse the committee
 members.  Eventually the committee stalled on detailed proposals made by
 TURN and other consumer groups.
 
 During the hearing Hedy had the opportunity to speak to Nancy McFadden and
 Richard Katz from the Governor=19 s office regarding a couple of issues
 highlighted by Jeff and Mike Day.  Richard said he is willing to make more
 technical amendments when the bill gets to Appropriations.  Subsequently,
 Hedy and I spoke to D.J. Smith at Jeff=19 s request.  D.J. agreed that the =
 bill
 needs to use the August 24th date as a grandfather date for executed DA
 contracts, but specifically asked that we (Enron) not speak to Richard abou=
 t
 it.  He said he will have the business entities request it as a clarifying
 amendment.  If we request it, he thought Richard would be less likely to
 believe it's clarifying since he believes our motives to be too
 self-serving.  Also, we spent some time with Lenny Goldberg on direct
 access.  We suggested that =1C shall=1D be changed to =1C may=1D in order t=
 o give more
 leeway to the PUC on direct access suspension.  He didn=19 t necessarily op=
 pose
 the policy, but his position is not to amend a bad bill unless you can
 totally rewrite it (which he later attempted to do).
 
 A lobbyist for a significant generator told us that they are prepared to
 push Edison into bankruptcy (along with the Canadian government) if this
 bill passes.
 
 There is no consensus that this measure will ever get to the Governor=19 s
 desk.
 
 The committee will meet again tomorrow at approximately 1:30 p.m. to vote o=
 n
 additional amendments and ultimately to vote on the complete bill.
 
