
 
 It's safer there.
 
 
    Cc: Mara, Susan
  
 
 Jeff/Sue--I think that since Ms. Mara has now been identified as a bonified Republican (she does get mailings from the Republican party after all), she needs to attend!  
  
 I am going thru old e mails and saw this one.  I'm kind of surpised that W is heading to China
 
  
    Cc: 
  
 
 
 FYI.  I don't know if this means that Sue and I both get a ticket, or if there's only one.  If someone from Houston--or another office--is interested, we'd be happy to accommodate.  Otherwise, I'm sure that we'll take full advantage of the opporunity.  Just let us know.
 
 Best, 
 Jeff 
 
  
     
 
 Dear CMTA Members: 
 
  Association 
 
 The California Manufacturers & Technology Association is hosting a major 
 foreign policy and international trade speech by President George Bush! 
 President Bush is making the stop as he travels to China on a two-day state 
 visit and the White House asked us just yesterday to host the event. 
 
 ?       Sacramento Memorial Auditorium 
 ?       11:00 am to noon 
 ?       October 17th, 2001 
 
 ?       Yes, that's next Wednesday! 
 
 As a valued CMTA member, a complimentary ticket has been reserved for you or 
 another employee of your company. 
 
 BUT YOU MUST RSVP WITH YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER to Geri Royer at 

 
 Please take advantage of this opportunity that your CMTA membership affords 
 you. 
 
 If you would like to come in the night of October 16, we have held a block 
 of rooms at the Sacramento Hyatt Regency Hotel (916/443-1234) at a rate of 
 $140 night.  Just ask to reserve your room under the CMTA block. 
 Reservations must also be made by October 12 to guarantee this rate. 
 
 This is a great opportunity to support the President and send him off on his 
 first foreign trip since the terrorist attacks on September 11. 
 
 As you know, security will be tight so there cannot be any exceptions on the 
 October 12, 4:00pm (PDT) RSVP DEADLINE. 
 
 We hope to hear back from you quickly and look forward to seeing you in 
 Sacramento next Wednesday. 