
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Dean, Craig\Sent Items
 X-Origin: DEAN-C
 X-FileName: 
 
 
 
  

  
 Hello all!
 

 
 For your convenience, I have included questions from other course evaluations to help guide your thoughts. Feel free to include other comments or suggestions.
 
 Was the presentation of information clear and at the right level of detail?  Did the presenter keep the course interesting?
 For a course held entirely in one day, the level of detail was effective.  The course was interesting with the real life examples and the challange problem solving in groups.  The visual aids could use some improvement.  I have no specific ideas, but I found the consistent nature of the material to create a lull in the presentation.
 Were there any topics discussed that you would have liked greater detail on?
 Current events.  I liked the bit on the Kyoto Treaty
 Were there any topics covered that you did not find beneficial or relevant?
 I've systematically erased them from my memory...too late to recall
 Were there any topics that you would have liked information on that were not included in the seminar?
 Currency conversions as they relate to production costs
 Did you find the group and individual exercises useful?  Do you have any changes or recommendations for the exercises that you would have found more beneficial?
 The individual exercises were the most useful.  It encourages the attendees to work together and think through a problem.
 How well was the day structured?  For example, did the course cover too much or too little information, would you have preferred more or less group work, etc.
 More group work.  Although you are limited w/one day groups
 On a scale of 1 to 10 (10 being the best), how would you rate this course for usefulness and relevance to your work?
 8.5
 Other Comments:
       Good course...I was a bit worried in the first hour as we focused on compilation errors for data gathering
 If you have any questions, please let me know!
 
 Regards,
 Grace
 x8321
 
  
    Cc:	Kearney, Julie
  
 Last e-mail:
 
 If you are reading this e-mail on Thursday, 11.8.01, and it is past 9:00am: You are late for your Tricks of the Trade course! If you're wondering where to go:
 
 Where:	2WTC Oregon Room--Skybridge to 2WTC and down one level. Enter double doors, veer left. Room is in the right corner.
 Time:	9:00am until roughly 5:00pm (breakfast at 8:45am, lunch provided.)
 Bring:	Pen (or pencil) and paper
 
 Have fun!
 
 -Grace
 x8321
 
  
    Cc:	Kearney, Julie; Jarnagin, Josie
  
 Howdy all!
 
 I am just confirming your participation at the Tricks of the Trade (Energy Math) course this Thursday, November 8th. If you have any conflict with attending the course (9:00am-5:00pm, roughly), please let me know ASAP.
 
 I will be distributing some pre-course reading material. While it is not required to complete it prior to the course, it would be very helpful in understanding the class.
 
 If you have any questions, please let me know!
 
 Regards,
 Grace
 x8321
 
 ============================
 
 Tricks of the Trade for Analysts in the Energy Biz
 Presented by Jonathan Koomey, PhD, Staff Scientist, Lawrence Berkeley National Lab
 
  Time:	9:00 am - 5:00 pm
 Location:  	2WTC, Oregon Room
 To bring:	Pen and paper, precourse reading material
 Other info:	Course materials will be provided at the start of class
 		Breakfast and lunch available both days
 
 Course Outline:
 Put facts at your fingertips:  Key references and data sources.
 Understanding data:  Pitfalls in data acquisition and handling.
 Introduction to back of the envelope calculations.
 Summary of US and Western electricity systems.
