
 
 Guys, my suggestion would be that RAC should manage the overall monitoring 
 responsibility for ENA;however, I assume that Janet and Chris will continue 
 to be responsible for the ENA turbine book.  They should be actively managing 
 and monitoring ENA's piece.
 
 Regards
 Delainey
 ---------------------- Forwarded by David W Delainey/HOU/ECT on 08/16/2000 
 01:18 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 08/15/2000 06:27 PM
    
 Thanks for the note Mat.  Look fwd to supporting your effort as needed!   
 
 Just to insure that ENA and RAC aren't duplicating efforts...., we have been 
 told by Rick Buy that he wanted RAC to keep the Enron Turbine "book" (with 
 input from other business units), and have just concluded multiple sessions 
 w/ RAC to xfer that function to them (I think we invited your team to those 
 sessions).  Rick Carson/RAC is working on a format that can be used by 
 multiple parties, including board presentations.  The idea was that different 
 business units (ENA,, EECC, etc) could provide input, and....., RAC's 
 involvement would enhance the list.   
 
 If ENA is going to keep "the turbine book" - maybe RAC doesn't need to (none 
 of our business, but...., doesn't seem like RAC needs to be doing the same 
 thing you are doing).    
 
 Who from ENA could discuss this w/ Dave Gorte (Rick's on vacation)?  
 
 Also - do you have a rep that can attend the bi-weekly turbine lunches where 
 we go through the list - coordinating turbine efforts across all business 
 units?  
 
 Thanks - F.Kelly
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 08/15/2000 05:14 PM






  
  
 Tammy Shepperd and myself have been asked to maintain the status of Enron's 
 turbine position.  This list includes the 24 LM6000s, all other ENA turbines 
 and all Enron turbines to the extent information is available.  The file 
 includes 3 worksheets:
 
 Turbine Inventory:  lists the turbine, delivery, ownership, project 
 commitment and other related items.
 LM6000 Status:  includes delivery, configuration, project commitment and 
 other related items.
 LM6000 Assign:  less detailed schedule with the delivery, project commitment 
 and current availability.
 
 In the future, to maintain the integrity of this information, the file will 
 NOT be emailed, but will accessible from the following location in a Read 
 Only format:
 
 O:\NAES\Master Turbine Listing.xls
 
 It is our view that requiring users to access the actual directory will be 
 the most efficient method of assuring the user is receiving up-to-date 
 information.  As project needs arise or change, please email or contact Tammy 
 Shepperd at (713) 853-6589 or myself at (713) 853-3526.  In addition, if 
 there is other information that would be useful, let us know.
 
 Thanks,
 Mathew Gimble
 
 
 
 
 
