
 
 David, I have not heard from Tom Green; I will place another call to him. Jim
 
  
    Cc:	Prof. Patrick H Martin \(E-mail\)
  
 Thanks for the prompt reply, Jim.  I'm forwarding it to Pat now.  We will
 run the final decision on this by the Executive Committee before we commit.
 
 Incidentally, any word from Tom Green on the Tech Center?
 
 David
 
 
     -- February, 2002
 
 
 Pat, as we know, February can be a very difficult month from the standpoint
 of weather, which affects not only travel to and from the event but also
 any outside activities during the event.  Do we have any flexibility with
 respect to the month in which the institute is held?  If it is to be held
 in February, I would opt to try Houston, New Orleans, or Santa Fe. I
 suggest that, if possible, we avoid scheduling the conference on Valentines
 Day or any holiday.  All the best.  Jim Derrick
 
     
     
 [mailto:IMCEANOTES-+22David+20B+2E+20Winn+22+20+3Cdwinn+40swlegal+2Eorg+3E+4

 
 
                          February, 2002
 
    TO:     Advisory Board of the International Oil and Gas Educational
    Center
 
    FROM:   Pat Martin, Chair
 
    RE:     Location of the 2002 Institute on Oil & Gas Law & Taxation --
    February, 2002
 
 
    As you know, the Institute in San Antonio this year was the first
    Institute
    ever held outside of Dallas.  We are now planning next year's Institute,
    and
    we would appreciate your input -- as a member of the Advisory Board --
    on
    the best location for 2002.  Please reply to this email

    within the next 2 days with your preference among the following options:
 
    Dallas
    Houston
    San Antonio
    Austin
    Oklahoma City
    New Orleans
    Santa Fe
 
    FYI:  The preferences of the Institute attendees who turned in their
    evaluation forms were as follows:
 
    Houston -- 15
    San Antonio -- 13
    New Orleans -- 13
    Santa Fe -- 11
    Austin -- 8
    Dallas -- 6
    Oklahoma City -- 4
 
    Thank you for your reply.  We'll let you know after we've tallied the
    results.
