
 
 
 Please  proceed with Jonathan Gaisman. Jim
  
     
 
 
  

  
 Jim -
 
 Linklaters and an Enron rep interviewed QC candidates in London that can
 help with our commercial PRI policy issues on Dabhol.  The commercial
 policies are governed by UK law.  The best pick appears to be Jonathan
 Gaisman.
 
 I'd like your permission to retain and put some of our PRI policy questions
 to Mr. Gaisman.
 
 Thanks,
 Bruce
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Bruce Lundstrom/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on
 11/08/2001 05:37 PM ---------------------------
 
  

 
  
 Bruce,
 
 Peter, Sophie and I met with all four QC's this morning.
 
 The clear choice, in all of our minds, is Jonathan Gaisman.  (See attached
 file: Jonathan Gaisman.doc)His litigation practice is prinicipally
 insurance related.  He has done political risk insurance matters relating
 to Eastern Europe.  He spoke definitively about practices of different
 underwriters in the market (i.e., to re-insure, to craft policies, etc.) He
 knows, quite well, the small community of barristers who may be called upon
 by Lloyds to handle this.  His wife is from India (though Scottish) and he
 spends holiday time there and knows the country and the people.  He worked
 on North Sea disputes representing Enron in the past.  He is
 straightforward, inquisitive, prepared, thoughtful, and interested in
 working on this with us.  He is also used to working with large American
 clients.  The downside is that, in his words, he does "not have limitless
 time."  He is expecting to be involved in a rather large case in the first
 half of next year.
 
 Alistair Schaff was not a very seasoned barrister, and unprepared for our
 meeting (in the sense that he hadn't even bothered to read anything about
 us or the case before we got there  --  I did not get the sense he was too
 busy to do so).  He has worked on de facto 'takings' in Iraq cases, and has
 had a number of cases that have involved questions of mitigation.  In
 addition, he seemed familiar with the option to sue clause in many
 policies.  He has done some work in the distant past with the GOI on
 letters of credit and shipping matters.  He was the only one that mentioned
 that we might spend some time in the near term thinking about what events
 we might 'cause' to occur that could help our claims.
 
 Richard Jacobs is a fairly young barrister, but had read up on our case and
 did some preliminary research on case law on political risk insurance
 issues (which, incidentally, all four barristers agree hardly exists).  He
 did some PRI work in Russia in the early 1990s, and represented brokers in
 a lender PRI claim regarding a South Seas power station. He stated that
 many insurance coverage issues (no matter the type of policy) are basically
 the same questions with a different twist.    Interestingly, he has just
 given some advice to a European investor about a dispute in India on a
 power plant (contractual matter, not insurance related).  He definitely
 grasped that a detailed review of the facts would be the driver for an
 expropriation claim.  He has travelled to India.  He has capacity to work
 with us in the next 4-8 weeks and beyond.  He would be a solid guy to use
 as a back-up.
 
 Stewart Boyd, as you will recall from his CV, is an experienced barrister
 (58 years old), who sits as an international arbitrator often. He has a
 relationship with Lord Mustill, for what that is worth.  He does alot of
 insurance and re-insurance work, though he says that not many political
 risk insurance cases have reached the bar.  He has worked on a leading case
 involving ECGD, and was, interestingly, an expert witness in an OPIC
 coverage case recently.  {We may consider him for just that role, on the
 DIC issue, should we decide to sue in Texas.} He has dealt with many
 projects of this type and magnitude, from a contractual dispute point of
 view, and done quite a bit of work in the electricity sector on
 privatization matters.  He has done a couple of projects (shipping and
 petroleum industry) in India.  He is available for the next couple of
 weeks, booked for most of December, and then frees up again.  I would rank
 him a strong second choice.
 
 I would propose that we issue Gaisman instructions tomorrow or Monday.  If
 you agree, let me know and I will take care of it.
 
 Kim
 
 
 
  - Jonathan Gaisman.doc 