
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Dorland, Chris\Sent Items
 X-Origin: DORLAND-C
 X-FileName: chris dorland 6-26-02.PST
 
 She should beaten in the streets.
 
 ----Original Message-----
     
 
 
  
     
 Canadian's Testicles Torn Off, Girlfriend Charged 
 TORONTO (Reuters) - A man is recovering from an unwanted birthday surprise after a fight with his girlfriend in which she is alleged to have yanked his testicles so hard she tore them from his scrotum, the Globe and Mail reported on Tuesday. 
 The 46-year-old man had just returned from birthday celebrations early Monday morning in Pickering, east of Toronto, when, according to police, he and his girlfriend got into a fight. 
 "Last we heard, last night he was at Pickering Ajax Hospital waiting for surgery to have them put back on," police told the Globe. "That was quite the birthday present he got." 
 The woman was arrested and charged with aggravated assault, the paper reported. Police are not releasing her name, to protect the identity of her partner. 
 "It must have been one hell of a pull," Philip Kotz, a Toronto urologist, told the paper. "I've heard of the slicing off of a penis but the pulling out or off of the testicles by a spouse or a human is pretty uncommon. I've never seen one and I've been in practice for 50 years." 
 There was no word on the man's condition or chances for full recovery, but doctors said it all depends on the amount of damage to the area. 
 "If the testicles are pulled right off then it's goodbye Charlie, they're gone. He's not going to have any testicles," Dr. Kotz told the Globe." If, on the other hand, the scrotum was pulled off -- that's the bag that holds the testicles -- and the testicles are intact then it's not a big deal to sew the scrotum back on, depending on how badly it was wrenched off." 
 Similar to this incident was the case of John Wayne Bobbit, whose wife sliced off his penis and threw it into a field in 1993. Bobbit's penis was surgically reattached and he went on to star in an adult film. 