
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Daren J Farmer/HOU/ECT on 04/06/2000 
 02:05 PM ---------------------------
    
 
 
   04/06/2000 11:51 AM	
 	
 	
 	                           
 	
 















   Assignment)
 
 Changing counterparty names on Sitara deal tickets has absolutely no impact 
 to any downstream processes.  
 
 I hope the following will give more clarification.   
 
 Let me know if you have any questions or need more detail! 
 
 Thanks,
 dg  3-9517
 
 
 Sitara / Unify - Process
 * Scenario - Counterparty name changes on Sitara deal ticket after deal had 
 been pathed, scheduled & bridged back from Unify.
 * Impact - zero impact to Logistics & Volume Management, absolutely 
 harmless.  Settlements has process in place to eliminate issues.
 * Process - 
 Counterparty A in Sitara changes to Counterparty B.   
 Ctprty A was on original path sent to pipeline.  
 The new name (ctprty B) does bridge over to Unify.
 Ctprty A remains at the path level in Unify (gui display does not change)
 Ctprty B is now displayed at the deal level in Unify.  The field is now 
 highlighted to indicate a change occurred. (gui display changes only at high 
 level, not on path)
 The Scheduler has choice to repath (if necessary), or not re-path
 If re-pathing occurs, the new counterparty name will be displaced on new path
 
 Unify pushes back the deal number & meter to Sitara (not ctprty info)
 Balancing works on deal number & meter only (not ctprty info)
 The confirmation desk utilizes the information in Sitara (where all 
 information is correct)
 Volume Management utilizes the information in Unify for pipeline tie-out.  
 (all information sent to pipeline is correct at the path level and will match 
 up perfectly)
 Settlements utilizes information in Unify.  
 Settlements recognizes that changed ctprty names changes contracts, which 
 would create two notification entries
 If invoice did happen to go out to wrong ctprty, re-draft would occur.
 (note:  there was an issues discovered on reports which IT is correcting now)
 
 
 Autonoms "Tom's words of warning" - 
 Previously there was an issue when counterparty name changes took place after 
 deals were pathed and nominated.  Basically it would change a key on an EDI 
 path (duns number) not affecting any other of the information already 
 nominated to the pipeline.  If the scheduler re-nominated, data at the 
 pipeline would get doubled up and the scheduler would have NO way to correct 
 the problem.  In most cases, the schedulers would have to get the pipeline to 
 manually cut the original nominated volume.  This is not an issue with Unify 
 (as explained above).
 
 
 (Dave - feel free to chime in if I left anything out.)
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   04/05/2000 01:18 PM	
 	
 	
 	                           
 	
 














  Assignment)  
 
 FYI....
 
 This change went in for the Deal Validation group.   It gives them the 
 ability to change counterparties names after bridge back.
 
 Impact to Logistics - Unify
 If a counterparty name change takes place to deals that have been bridge 
 backed, it could cause problems on EDI pipes as that new counterparty name 
 will flow over to Unify and repathing should eventually take place.
 One problem may be with the Imbalance data sets, which are not in production 
 yet......(EDI Imbalance Qtys would not match up to paths)
 This may also cause an issue with the scheduled quantities (especially where 
 nominations were sent for entire month)
 can't remember the rules on this one, but I think Unify does have some safe 
 guards (idiot proofs) to force re-pathing.
 Unify does have the ability to over-ride duns numbers, yet would still cause 
 an additional step for EDI the scheduler would need to think through in order 
 to get a clean quick response.
 What are (if any) impacts to Vol Mgt if counterparty name changes take 
 place?  (prior periods?  re-pathing?)
 
 I have a call into Diane and Dave both.  After speaking w/ them, hopefully I 
 can get a clear understanding of the true impact.  I am sure we'll need to 
 put some processes and procedures together for Deal Validation to follow when 
 these type of changes are needed.
 
 Will keep you posted.
 
 Thanks,
 
 dg
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 








  
 
 Regarding the ability to change counterparties on deals in SITARA with 
 confirmed volumes - Tom's words of caution:
 
 If someone calls you and wants to change a counterparty - we created the 
 ability for you to invalidate the deal - and 
 then change the counterparty - however - I did add a warning message:
 
 "Warning - changing counterparty on deal with confirmed volumes - make sure 
 pipeline allows this change."   
 
 Some pipelines do not allow us to change counterparties after there is 
 feedback - I assume for the same reasons
 we had this rule - it used to blow up our old scheduling systems 
 (pre-UNIFY).  Some pipelines will require a new 
 deal and we will have to zero out the old deal.
 
 Before you make the change - make sure the logistics person is aware - just 
 in case it causes problems with their
 pipeline.   Sorry - I don't know which pipes these are - you will have to ask 
 the UNIFY team.
 
 There is one rule still in place - you can change from ENA-IM East to ENA-IM 
 Market East - but not from 
 ENA-IM Texas to HPLC-IM HPLC - when changing business units - they must be 
 the same legal entity. 
 "Warning - not the same legal entity"
 
 Also - beware of making contract and counterparty changes to Service deals 
 (Transport Capacity, Storage, Cash Out).
 Once the deal is invalidated - there are no rules.  Don't forget - the items 
 were locked down for a reason.
  If you invalidate a service deal - and change the previously locked down 
 data that was validated - and someone used these
 deals in UNIFY - it is highly likely that the UNIFY deals and paths created 
 using these deals will get corrupted.  Always check 
 with someone from UNIFY to make sure no one used these deals for anything in 
 UNIFY.
 
 
 
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Thomas Engel/HOU/ECT on 04/05/2000 09:47 
 AM ---------------------------




  
 With the release that was put out Tuesday evening, Deal Validation should be 
 able to change the counterparty on deals where the volume is something other 
 than expected (e.g. confirmed, nominated, scheduled, etc.).  
 
 In addition, this release will also capture "near-time" the contract changes 
 that are made in global.  This means that need for server bounces will not be 
 necessary.
 
  New/Changes to contracts will show up without having to get out of deal 
 manager.
  New Counterparties, and new/changes to facilities will require getting out 
 of all active Sitara apps (except for launch pad).  
   Once out of all apps, start a new app - the respective information that you 
 are looking for will appear.
 
 I mention "near-time" because we are constrained by the amount of time it 
 takes for the change in Global data to trigger an alert for Sitara who then 
 updates its information
 
 SRM (x33548)
 
 
 
 
 

 04/04/2000 03:41 PM







   
 The following changes will be made in the Global Contracts database due to 
 receipt of executed Consent to Assignment for the following contracts:
 
 Current Counterparty Name   Contract Type  Contract #   'New' Counterparty 
 Name
 CES - Commonwealth Energy Services  GISB   96029892  Commonwealth Energy 
 Services
 
 CES - Samuel Gary Jr. & Associates, Inc  GISB   96029302  Samuel Gary Jr. & 
 Associates
 
 CES - South Jersey Gas Company  GISB   96029143  South Jersey Gas Company
 
 CP name change and Contract Type correction (Contract Type different than 
 that provided by CES)
 Per CES
 CES - Southwest Gas Corporation  1/1/98 GISB  96029146
 
 Per Contract File
 CES - Southwest Gas Corporation  04/14/93 Master Purchase/Sale Interruptible 
 (will edit Global #96029146)
 &
 CES - Southwest Gas Corporation  12/01/94 Master Sale Firm   (created new 
 Global record to accommodate this K, #96037402)
 
 Please note that Southwest Gas Corporation has consented to the assignment of 
 both of these contracts.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
