
 
 FYI
 
  
     
 Sorry bout the first comment, did not totally understand... We will handle this via the OA process, where I'm working with the OA group that will allow us a bucket of income or loss and we will run this through Tom's P&L... This will be a pass through for Tom's book... O 
 
  
     
 OW, 
 
 What do you think about the orig deduct?  How do we usually handle orig on something like this?
 
 D
 
  
    Cc:	Bryan, Gary; Pond, Jim; Helton, Susan; Roberts, Linda
  
 Cost centers 11814 and 27117 are rolling to Texas Gas Trading.
 
  
    Cc:	Bryan, Gary; Pond, Jim; Helton, Susan; East, Laynie; Roberts, Linda
  
 Megan
 
 As I mentioned to you yesterday, it still looks like the volumes for gas delivered to TX GLO do not have Linda Robert's origination fee deducted.  Do we need to execute a PMA with TXGLO to deduct those volumes from the next delievery?
 
 Also isn't there an entry that is missing in your file to capture the $ cost of gas for the gas delivered to TXGLO?  Is that being captured in Unify or is it being manually entered by Gas Accounting?
 
 Darren
 Do we need to execute a seperate deal ticket for the origination deduct?
 
 Susan/Laynie
 What busines unit are these cost centers rolling up to (11814 & 27117?)
 
  << File: TGLO GL Account Detail.xls >> 
 
 
 
  
    Cc:	Newman, Frank G.; Coffey Jr., Jim
  
 Eric:
 I reviewed the gas deals on Franks' spreadsheet and they agree with what is in Sitara.  As soon as I have the October gas numbers, I will forward them to you.
 
 Attached is a spreadsheet of the TGLO deals booked to the GL to help you with our current settlement position.  It is divided by debit/credit entries.  When the sales are booked, a debit hits the customer account to create the open sale to apply the cash to and a credit hits the revenue account (40004000 third party; 40005000 intercompany) for the profit center.  
 
 Below is a summary of where we are on the sale dollars to EGM.  I have already sent an email to risk to update the demand fees for the prior months and to book Aug and Sept crude.  I will wait for the go ahead from Frank before I final them to the GL.    Let me know if you have any questions.
 
 Megan
 
 Status of Sales to EGM
 Cleared invoices		$3,905,963.20
 Open Invoices		$1,177,587.60
 To be booked		$3,093,424.22
 			$8,176,975.55
 
 
  << File: TGLO GL Account Detail.xls >> 
 
