
 
 I am OK on selling these packages on EOL.  This approval is based on my 
 understanding that all of this capacity is currently posted, or, if not 
 currently posted, will be posted for the appropriate amount of time prior to 
 sale.  Additionally, this approval is contingent on use of the webtext we 
 have been using for other EOL deals (I feel the need to say the obvious 
 because I don't believe Law will see anything on these packages again).  I 
 also assume that these will be short term deals--i.e., less than one year.  
 Any long term discounted deals raise concerns that our "standard discount 
 language" is designed to address, such as what is the effect of a new rate 
 design or reduction in the max rate on the discounted deal.  I think we can 
 live without that language in short term deals for now, but we need to 
 revisit this issue and come up with a solution before we sell any long term 
 deals on EOL.  ONe last thing, it is marketing's decision whether to include 
 in the webtext the provision that says Northern gets the $$ if the shipper 
 releases the capacity at a rate higher than the discounted rate.  I think our 
 approach in negotiated deals has been to get that agreement if we could (a 
 basis run up could make it a very valuable right).  If you have any 
 questions, call me.  DF      
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 




 
  
 
 ***  EOL ROUTING ***
 
 Please send your approval by return email, to Craig Buehler, for the EOL 
 packages listed on
 the attached spreadsheet.  Each of the packages (22 in total) shows the path, 
 sustainable capacity
 and proposed rate for each product.  The rates are estimated to provide a 
 measure for the dollar
 amount of the discount (per our current discount policy).  These 22 products 
 are the initial deals
 being offered; subsequent packages will be routed as they are developed.  
 Please call Craig, at
 713-853-6964, if you have questions.  After approval by Legal, Reg Affairs 
 and Marketing, the
 approvals and/or comments will be forwarded to Danny McCarty for review.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Craig
 
 
 
 
 
