
 
 pls print for me on Monday--thanks.  df
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 02/11/2001 
 08:01 PM ---------------------------
    
  
 
  I haven't done additional research, but off the top of my head here's what I 
 think.
 
 1.  Open season giving all parties an equal shot to capacity is better than 
 selective marketing.  However, once capacity is posted, a shipper is free to 
 inquire about it and we should be free to solicit interest by picking up the 
 phone.  I can research whether any pipeline got its hand slapped for 
 selective marketing.
 
 2.  I thought we had agreed that we need a separate provision that governs 
 the allocation of capacity on TW's system apart from ROFR.  In the rewrite, 
 we should add language that allows us to use any non-discriminatory 
 allocation methodology as long as we give shippers advance notice by posting 
 the methodology on our website.  Until then, Section 13 of the FTS-1 Rate 
 Schedule is the only guidance we have.  "All available capacity shall be 
 allocated under these procedures..."  The lottery only comes into play if 
 there are two bids of equal value.  I think we could use pro-rata as an 
 allocation methodology if we notified all parties on the website ahead of 
 time.  
 
 3.  I agree with you on the approval process for negotiated rates and no or 
 limited approval for standard language max-rate deals.  Maria.     
  
    Miller, Mary Kay; Hass, Glen
 Cc: Corman, Shelley
  
 In the last several weeks several areas have come up where the TW commercial 
 team could, in my opinion, use some clear written guidance on gray areas 
 under the tariff ought to be interpreted.  Here is my list.  Please add items 
 if I've missed any.
 
 1.  When can TW "selectively market" available capacity?   I.e., if capacity 
 is on the board as available, and no one has bought it, are there any limits 
 on calling up a customer, or a group of customers, and pitching a deal?  I 
 think we have a lot of discretion here--after all, using the telephone to 
 talk to one customer is always "selective" since there's only one guy on the 
 phone, not all our customers.  Also, can we deliberately leave a customer off 
 the list of "the usual suspects" we call to pitch a special deal like an 
 index to index deal or a discount?  I've asked Lee to pull together a quick 
 analysis of this issue.  
 
 2.  If we get multiple bids for a chunk of capacity outside of the open 
 season context, how do we allocate it?  This is the situation we got into a 
 couple of weeks ago on the '02 and '03 space.  Are we always required to use 
 a lottery?  Do we need to modify the tariff to use pro rata, or can we use 
 pro rata simply by notifying the customers in advance?
 
 3.  What approval process applies to max rate contracts and negotiated rate 
 contracts?  The ET&S discount approval procedure still applies to TW 
 discounted deals (even there is no ET&S anymore).  I think all neg. rate 
 deals should be approved by law and regulatory, but I don't need to see max 
 rate strd language deals.    
 4.  ???  I think there was another issue, but I can't remember what it was.  
 
 Thanks for your input on this.  DF
