
 
 I just talked to Cynthia Sandherr about this and she was partly up to speed.  
 They have been fighting with the CFTC to keep it from extending its 
 jurisdiction to Enron Online and to all the financial products Enron sells.   
 We apparently have a bill pending to lock the CFTC in and keep it from going 
 after energy-related financial products.  Cynthia was not aware of any 
 potential collaboration between CFTC and FERC designed to push FERC into the 
 role of regulator of these markets (with CFTC pulling the strings behind the 
 scenes).  Cynthia was cranky about this possibility and will follow up.  
 DF    
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 07/24/2000 
 09:51 AM ---------------------------
 
 
 Drew Fossum
 07/23/2000 10:23 PM
   
  
 He's not a nazi, he's a commie.  Actually he's a democrat but such subtle 
 distinctions escape me.  What MKM is talking about is a conversation I had in 
 DC with a buddy of mine who is a commissioner on the Commodity Futures 
 Trading Commission.  He said there is a move afoot to expand regulation of 
 financial products like weather hedges, spark spread swaps and similar 
 industry specific instruments that his agency has not regulated in the past.  
 (they just regulate the commodity exchanges like the NYMEX, Chicago Board of 
 Trade, etc.)  He also made it sound like Enron Online had made his staff 
 people more nervous about the lack of regulation over those kinds of 
 products.  The current strategy, he explained, was to solve the problem of 
 the CFTC's arguable lack of jurisdiction over such products by getting the 
 agencies with jurisdiction over the industry to which such products were 
 being sold (i.e., the FERC as to energy products) to regulate the stuff based 
 on the CFTC's guidance.  I assume that Kean's group is on top of this, but I 
 haven't had the chance to check yet.  I talked to a guy in the DC office 
 about 6 months about CFTC issues and will follow up with him on Monday and be 
 sure they are aware of this leftist plot.  I can't remember his name just 
 now, but he works for Cynthia Sandherr, I think.  I'll let you know what is 
 going on after I talk to those folks.  DF 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 Talk to Drew, he might have an idea--  from his nazi friend.  MK
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 










 
  
 Dan also made a comment when we were chatting that the trading floor and EOL 
 tour was "discouraging in a way" because they were not yet prepared to 
 regulate such activities. I thought it was kind of frightening that he feels 
 they need to regulate such a free market, although it was not clear exactly 
 what he meant and I was not able to pursue it with him.
 
     Bill
 
 
 
 Shelley Corman
 07/18/2000 11:56 PM










 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
