
 
 Jeff and Jeff--Pls keep me and Kathy Ringblom posted on whatever you find.  
 Thanks. DF
 
 
 
 
 Jeffery Fawcett
 09/05/2000 01:31 PM
   
  
 Jeff,
 Is it possible for TW to get a copy of the Edison filing at the CPUC?  While 
 the article [shown below] doesn't provide any details, I suspect Edison's 
 complaint echoes earlier allegations against El Paso regarding their sale of 
 the 1.2 Bcf/d block of capacity to their affiliate.  I don't think 
 Transwestern and/or Enron affiliate marketing companies are implicated in 
 this deal at all.  
 
 Can you confirm this is an "El Paso only" problem and not something Enron is 
 being drawn into?  I really appreciate your help here.
 
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 






 
  
 Please get copies to me asap of the Edison motion and the CPUC FERC 
 complaint.  Has someone, maybe someone at ENA, already looked at any 
 allegations about Enron or TW?  Please forward these to Kathy Ringblom also 
 and I'll have her itemize any allegations we might want to repond to.  
 Thanks  DF 
 
 
 ET & S Business Intelligence Department







   
 Edison Charges Gas Market Manipulation
 
 Southern California Edison filed a motion late last week with the California 
 Public Utility Commission seeking emergency relief from high spot gas prices 
 on which its power purchase rates are based. The company told the CPUC that 
 Southern California Border (Topock, AZ) prices in the last month have risen 
 by $2.50/MMBtu possibly because of market manipulation, in particular the 
 withholding off of the market of pipeline transportation capacity between the 
 supply basins and the California border. 
 
 "[T]here is substantial and compelling evidence that the basis differential 
 has been and continues to be grossly distorted by market power abuse, 
 collusion and affiliate self dealing of out-of-state gas suppliers and 
 merchants," Edison told the CPUC. 
 
 The company noted the CPUC already has filed a Section 5 complaint with FERC 
 regarding this issue and is seeking a recision of "certain allegedly 
 collusive contracts which it contends have permitted out-of-state natural gas 
 suppliers and their affiliates to drive up artificially California border gas 
 prices by wrongfully withholding capacity." It notes the complaint 
 "conservatively estimates that the anti-competitive manipulation of the basis 
 differential has already damaged California gas and electricity users by $100 
 million annually since the beginning of 1998." 
 
 Edison seeks an expedited order authorizing it to use the posted gas price of 
 $4.5133/MMBtu, which was applied to SCE's August 2000 avoided cost posting, 
 to calculate its payment obligations to qualified power producers for the 
 month of October and every month going forward. It estimated September 
 bidweek border prices would average $7/MMBtu. If such prices were used in 
 Edison's September avoided costs posting, its Transition Formula payments to 
 certain independent power producers will be $29 million more than the month 
 prior, the company told the CPUC. "No mechanism exists to recapture the 
 increase in such payments if it is later determined by this commission or in 
 another forum that the Topock border indices are unreliable at this time." 
 
 
 
 --
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
