
 
 Check with Steve and Lorraine re: whether we should call their lawyer.  I 
 don't want to call FERC except as a last resort.  Thanks. DF
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 Drew -- HH did leave me the new lawyer's name and # so let's discuss whether 
 we should phone him once Howard is safely on the plane to Costa Rica.  In the 
 meantime, Lorraine already asked Meaders for the cases Howard cited, but he 
 said he'd have to consult with his lawyers in order to do that, so I'm sure 
 the answer will be "no."  Snooping around at FERC is starting to sound like a 
 good idea, but I'm in uncharted territory here so won't do any of that before 
 discussing it with you.
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

  
  
 Ugh.  We'll keep working this angle if their new attorney shows up on deck, 
 but I think Susan and I have done as much as can be done with Howard H.  Do 
 any of you know what the Red Cedar facilities look like?  I.e. how many miles 
 of line, any big diameter line, any compression, etc?  Howard must have read 
 some old cases and gotten himself spooked that their facilites aren't 
 gathering under the modified primary function test.  I'm not sure why he 
 thinks signing a transport contract with us will make their situation any 
 worse, but that seems to be his conclusion.  If Steve and Bill can't nudge 
 Red Cedar's management into doing the deal, I'd suggest that you both or one 
 of you ask Tsuri (sp?) to have his new lawyer call me and Susan after Howard 
 leaves, maybe with one of the Kinder Morgan lawyers on the phone also, and 
 we'll try to straighten this out. 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 01/12/2000 
 08:37 AM ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 I regret to report that I just ended a very unproductive phone conversation 
 with Mr. Hertzberg.  He thanked us for all our cooperation but politely 
 declined to give me any information on what authority he was relying on to 
 conclude that there is a jurisdictional problem.  However, it sounded to me 
 like whatever authority he does have is shaky at best.  He also sounded 
 interested in the possibility of our making some sort of anonymous inquiry at 
 FERC (if such a thing is possible) on the issue.  Obviously they are very 
 leery of making that phone call themselves and risking revealing their 
 identity.  He said he would discuss it with Ed Meaders.  Also, he mentioned 
 that after tomorrow he will be on vacation for a month, and another attorney 
 will be taking over in his absence.  That could be good, or it could be bad.  
 Maybe Lorraine can sweet talk Meaders into at least citing us some cases from 
 Hertzberg's memo.  At the very least, I hope he will show it to the Kinder 
 Morgan lawyers.
 
 
 
 
 
 
