
 
 I'm not sure I understand MKM's comment.  We've all approved this deal so its 
 not urgent, but lets talk about it in our meeting today.  df
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 07/27/2000 
 08:19 AM ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 



 
  
 This may have been the case in others, but the IOS does say that it bid, if 
 less than max is not available.  If Drew and Susan are ok to sign off, I can 
 go with that and we do need to be specfic as to what we are going to include 
 in the contract in the IOS package.  Lets hope it doesn't come back to bite 
 us, assuming Drew and Susan sign off.  MK
 
 
 
 Christine Stokes
 07/26/2000 08:16 AM



 
  
 Mary Kay -  In all of Transwestern's previous Interactive Open Seasons, the 
 only capacity which Transwestern had posted for bid purposes was the primary 
 capacity - no associated alternate flexibility was ever posted as being 
 available to the bidders.  We have traditionally relied on verbal 
 communication, only if asked by the shipper,  of any potential alternate 
 rights associated with the primary capacity being auctioned.  I do not feel 
 that in this recent IOS process that any shipper had possibly NOT increased 
 their bid due to the impression that there was no additional flexibility 
 beyond  the primary path rights of the capacity being auctioned.  However,  I 
 do think that the TW commercial group should discuss how we communicate to 
 any interested party those alternate rights  associated with future IOS bids 
 or EnronOnline bids.   Thank you for your comment, please contact me if you 
 need any additional feedback.
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 



 
  
 I understand that this capacity is what was posted on the IOS, however,  
 these alternate point rights were not included in the posting as available, 
 is there a concern that not all were aware of this and therefore they could 
 have bid differently ?  MK
 
 
 
 Christine Stokes
 07/25/2000 02:45 PM



  
  
 TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CONTRACT APPROVAL REQUEST
 
 
 Please review the attached standard discount letter for Sempra Energy Trading 
 Corp.  Sempra was recently awarded 49,000 Dth/d of East of Thoreau (EOT) to 
 California capacity via Transwestern's Interactive Open Season Auction 
 process.  The capacity was awarded at a one-part rate of $.285/Dth/d for a 
 one year term of November 1, 2000 - October 31, 2001.  Sempra shall have 
 alternate delivery point rights at the California Border as well as alternate 
 receipt point rights in Transwestern's EOT Area.
 
 Please confirm via REPLY WITH HISTORY.  All Officer approvals will be faxed 
 to Bill Cordes for final Officer approval.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
