
 
 I'd prefer that we give them a high level bullet point type summary rather 
 than a draft of the filing itself.  DF
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

 
  
 As I have mentioned already a couple of times, the Commercial Group feels it 
 is important to have something to present to customers.  My concern is that 
 if we just tell them about it over lunch or over the phone, something is 
 going to be ignored or lost in the translation, and then we'll have a dozen 
 protests to contend with.  Surely we've presented new services to customers 
 before in advance of filing...if so, how did we go about it?
 
 Also, are you OK with filing July 31, or just as soon as we can get a 
 prefiling conference with FERC?
 
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 I'm going over it and hope to have comments to you shortly-  we don't usually 
 share the draft, just the concept which I don't see any hold up on that, but 
 since we're still working on it, I don't want to give them a hardcopy-  MK
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 I spoke with Steve Stojic about this and he had the same concern.  Even 
 though I was trying to keep this out of the new rate schedule requirements by 
 not making it a rate schedule, I believe I still managed to cover many 
 checklist items.  One that is not covered is testimony similar to what might 
 be filed in a rate case, in order to justify market based rates.  We are 
 planning to include a revenue estimate.  I'll go over these and make sure 
 everything is addressed before filing.
 
 Are you OK with this filing from a general conceptual standpoint?  The 
 marketers want to start giving a draft to customers for them to review 
 beginning TODAY.
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 Susan, 
 
  In reviewing the proposed filing I had some questions.  On page 2 in the 
 discussion of ensuring sufficient capacity we offer to establish position 
 guidelines, do we need to outline these and either include them as an exhibit 
 or have them ready for reply to either protesters or a staff data request?  
 Secondly, if we regard this as a new service does our filing comply with all 
 aspects of 154.202 (a) (ii), (iii), (iv) (A) & (B), (v), (vi), (viii) and 
 (ix)?  In recent filings the staff has challenged our filings in terms of 
 addressing each of these requirements.  I believe many our covered but 
 thought you might like to double check for compliance.  What about a revenue 
 estimate? Seems like we need one, even if its still very speculative.
 
 Glen 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 







  
  
 Attached for your review is a draft of Transport Options filing that 
 incorporates the comments and suggestions I've received since last week.  
 Please provide any further suggestions/changes to me as soon as possible, but 
 in no case later than close of business, Friday, July 14.  
 
 The timeline I've discussed with TW Commercial for this project is as follows:
 
 Final draft comments   Friday, July 14
 
 Circulate draft to customers,
 customer meetings, time for
 customers to respond, informal 
 discussion with FERC   Mon. July 17 - Wed. July 26
 
 Final internal review/edit of filing  Thursday, July 27
 
 FERC filing    Monday, July 31
 
 Please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well.  Thank 
 you.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
