
 
 Sounds reasonable to me.  When do we sign?  Seriously, this just confirms in 
 my mind that Langley isn't looking very closely at the economics of the deal 
 because he doesn't have any capital or O & M numbers (or heat rates) on the 
 generation equipment so he has no idea how thick or thin the margins might be 
 on this project.  Once we are able to show him some economics he will 
 presumably be in a position to be reasonable on the issues discussed below.  
 If he's not willing to be reasonable, we're done talking to him.  
 
 
 
 
 Steven Harris
 03/07/2000 10:28 AM


  
  
  I spoke to Dennis Langley yesterday about his ideas on the financial stake 
 he is looking for in the project. There are several items which will need to 
 be included in our economic analysis as they will burden the project . The 
 conditions are as follows:
 
 - Dennis needs (wants) to recover the O&M for his idea-generating group which 
 he estimates to be $2 to $3 million per year!  
 - Share with Dennis a 50/50 split of any incremental revenue TW receives on 
 its existing line as a result of additional capacity sold to serve these 
 markets!
 - A 50/50 split of any revenue received on the new line which is built .
 - The Native American tribe(s) will receive 25% of ownership in the assets 
 and 25% of the cashflow stream after payout (he mentioned something about an 
 IRR of 8% being the threshold).
 
  His general feeling was that the pipeline should be a 50/50 joint venture 
 but the gas-fired generation plant would be ours. James will need to run the 
 numbers but my uneducated guess says that if things were slim before these 
 financial hits will certainly render the project uneconomic (especially the 
 $2 to $3 million/year extra O&M). He did indicate that they are having very 
 good conversations with the DOE and would expect to sign a contract in April. 
 I am somewhat  puzzled by what he could commit to since he would have no idea 
 what rates he could charge for the electricity or gas transportation.
 
  I told Dennis we would follow-up with him shortly. In the meantime, we will 
 be working with Mark Baldwin to scope out the opportunities in New 
 Mexico.      
 
  
 
