
 
 I have reviewed your various emails and will get back to Paul shortly.  DF
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
  Drew,
 
  In regard to Jerry's questions, could you provide your opinion.
 
  Many Thanks.
 
  
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Paul Cherry/GPGFIN/Enron on 01/24/2001 
 02:42 PM ---------------------------
 
 
 Jerry Peters
 01/24/2001 04:38 PM
   
  
 What  about the risk that a bankruptcy trustee could pull the escrow account 
 back into the general creditors' estate?  Is that any greater than the risk a 
 prepayment would be required to be returned?
 
 I think we do need to review this with Stan and/or Danny (as well as someone 
 else in Enron that's managing the bigger picture on PGE credit risk.)
 
 
 
 Rod Hayslett
 
 01/24/2001 01:54 PM
   
  
 I guess I would argue then he hasn't secured the future business, since it is 
 not fully prepaid.      We could raise the amount to cover the days exposed 
 and be in a better position.
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
  I have spoken with Chris Chung of the PG & E Risk management group in regard 
 to the necessary credit assurances TW would require. Chris stated he could 
 not provide a letter of credit but would consider a prepayment. He also 
 indicated that through his business group he heard as a rumor that we would 
 accept a one month valuation. To continue the discussion, I told Chris a 
 decision as to the amount would have to be  authorized by my management and 
 my proposal as to how the prepayment would work , is PG & E would wire the 
 agreed prepayment to us to secure the February business, then make payment 
 for the January transportation on the due date in February and then make the 
 prepayment on a monthly basis with a true up to the actual invoice. Chris 
 countered with PG & E posting a Security Deposit in an Escrow account to 
 secure the future transactions. The issue I have with this arrangement is 
 that theoretically if PG & E defaults on payment on the due date, we have 
 approximately forty days exposure and more until we can suspend service which 
 could be an additional thirty days.
 
  Please review and advise your comments and/or direction. 
 
  Also, should we review our proposal with other Senior Management before 
 responding.
 
  Regards.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
