
 
 In non-default situations the Lenders allow the banks to have rights and 
 typically substantial input on waivers modifications etc.  As you can imagine 
 the IFC would not want the liability of being responsible to B banks if they 
 changed the deal without their consent and the B banks would e uncomfortable 
 turning over that right to a third party.  They would lose control of the 
 credit process.
 
 
 
 
 
 

 02/18/2001 11:50 PM
   
  
 Rob,
 
 Thanks for the feedback. Does the IFC veto cover all waivers, consents, 
 approvals, etc (except for those that require unanimous approval like changes 
 to pricing, tenor, security, etc, of course)?
 
 On the prepayment penalties (other than the customary break-funding costs), 
 what have you seen, in terms of the levels imposed?
 
 Regards,
 Richard
 
 
 

 02/15/2001 03:48 AM
   
  
 There are prepayment penalties associated with IFC loans.  As to the lender 
 Veto, the Veto should only apply to the banks covered by their umbrella and 
 should not be applicable to the relationship to other MLA's or uncovered 
 lenders.  For instance if OPIC is lending $50MM, FMO $10MM, and the B banks 
 $40MM, the voting rights should be 50% for OPIC and 50% FMO (since FMO is the 
 lender of record for the B banks).  Unanimous consent items would then 
 require both OPIC and FMO to consent.
 
 
 

 02/14/2001 10:45 AM
   
  
 Rob-
 
 I told Richard that I had no experience with IFC.  Suggested that you may 
 have.
 
 Regards
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Peter N Anderson/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
 02/14/2001 10:44 AM ---------------------------
 
 

 02/14/2001 10:34 AM
   
  
 Peter,
 
 As you might know, we are in the midst of discussions with a group of lenders 
 on the Bulacan project in the Philippines. The lender of record if the FMO 
 (Netherlands Development Finance Corporation) and the structure is modelled 
 on the IFC "A" and "B" loan structure. As the "A" loan lender, FMO is saying 
 that they want veto rights over all decisions that are to be taken by the 
 lenders. Do you know if the IFC has such veto rights in their facilities - 
 will greatly appreciate your feedback on this asap. In addition, does the IFC 
 impose prepayment penalties?
 
 Regards,
 Richard
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
