
 
 Once again you made my day. You are really a wonderful person, you know?
 
 Don't worry I'm not falling off a cliff - you will hear from me again.  Also 
 I'll give you a call before I get out of here next week.
 
 Lots of love,
 
 Rob
 
 
 
 

   
  
 
 thanks for the very sweet message.  You can never be more delinquent than i
 since i only mailed your b-day gift a few days ago.  There is nothing worse
 than trying to find a gift for a married retiring millionaire. Hence, the
 weird gift combination - but i was thinking fishing. Work continues to be
 stressfully busy because i'm preparing for a number of trials.  I'm going to
 go to Vegas next week anyway bc i need a break.  Thanks for thinking of me -
 I'm doing fine. The only time i cried recently was at my arbitration hearing
 yesterday - my client's testimony was so touching that i cried (how
 embarassing!) - hate when that happens!  It's not the 1st time & i'm sure
 not the last.  I know you are very busy during these last few weeks and am
 touched that you even had time to think of me.  I thought about you too on
 V-day & should have done something special since it probably will not be
 possible again. Ok, stop rolling your eyes - you think i'm a flake.  That's
 one of the greatest things about you - you are never flaky.  lots of love,
 sue
 
 
     
 
 
 I was thinking of you on the appropriate day but somehow I never managed to
 let you know how much I care about you. I'm thinking of you now too and
 hope you are happy and doing well.
 
 Love
 
 Rob
 
 
 
 

 
  cc:
 
  
 
 thank you for your sweet message.  Greg & i went to Las Vegas for 4 days &
 all my sisters & their families were there vacationing at the same time.
 We
 had a great time.  Came back to work in late afternoon today - tired.
 Vegas
 was actually my gift to Greg for his birthday which was a wk before mine
 but
 we celebrated mine there too.  Got your very nice phone message also -
 thanks for cheering up my tired mind & body.  Your voice sounds wonderful &
 i breathed in all the telephonic kisses.  Hope all is well on the road to
 retirement.  love, sue
 
 
     
 
 >It's a day late and a dollar short, but I wanted you to know I was
 thinking
 >about you. Did you have a good one?
 >
 >Lots of kisses
 >
 >Expect my call
 >
 >Love Rob
 >
 >
 
 
 
 
 
 
