
 
 
 
 
 

 01/31/2001 09:24 AM
   
  
 
 ----- Forwarded by Jon Trevelise/Houston/Eott on 01/31/01 09:43 AM -----
 
 	Robin Border 01/30/01 05:36 PM 	    
 
 Quotable Quotes from famous people
 
 "I read somewhere that 77 percent of all the mentally ill live in poverty.
 Actually, I'm more intrigued by the 23 percent who are apparently doing
 quite
 well for themselves."
 -- Jerry Garcia (Grateful Dead)
 
 "Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he
 never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is."
 -- Barbara Bush (Former US First Lady)
 
 "Honesty is the key to a relationship. If you can fake that, you're in."
    -- Courtney Cox (Monica on "Friends")
 
 "Hockey is a sport for white men. Basketball is a sport for black men. Golf
 is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps."
 -- Tiger Woods
 
 (On going to war over religion)
 "You're basically killing each other to see who's got the better imaginary
 friend."
 --Yasir Arrafat (PLO leader)
 
 (On the difference between men and women:)
 "On the one hand, we'll never experience childbirth. On the other hand, we
 can open all our own jars."
 --Bruce Willis
 
 "The Web brings people together because no matter what kind of a twisted
 sexual mutant you happen to be, you've got millions of pals out there.
 Type
 in 'Find people that have sex with goats that are on fire' and the computer
 will ask, 'Specify type of goat.'"
 -- Jason Alexander (George Castanza on Seinfeld)
 
 "Luge strategy? Lie flat and try not to die."
 -- Carmen Boyle (Olympic Luge Gold Medal winner - 1996)
 
 "There are only two reasons to sit in the back row of an airplane: Either
 you have diarrhea, or you're anxious to meet people who do."
 -- Henry Kissinger (former US Secretary of State)
 
 "My girlfriend always laughs during sex - no matter what she's reading."
 -- Steve Jobs (Founder: Apple Computers)
 
 "My cousin just died. He was only 19. He got stung by a bee - the natural
 enemy of a tightrope walker."
 -- Dan Rather (News anchorman)
 
 "I saw a large woman wearing a sweatshirt with 'Guess' on it.   I said,
 'Thyroid problem?"
 -- Arnold Schwarzenegger
 
 
