
 
 fyi
 
 
 
 Debbie Yates
 02/01/2001 08:03 PM
   
  
 	
 We are starting on the last week to buy discounted carnival tickets.  All sales are over on Friday, February 9th.
 
 Thanks,
 Debbie
 
 
 
 Debbie Yates
 01/16/2001 05:13 PM
   
  
 
 If you were waiting for the 2001 Rodeo Concert line-up, here it is...Tickets should go on sale soon.  I will not have rodeo tickets, but will have carnival tickets available until February 9th.
 
 Thanks,
 Debbie
 
 
  
 
 
 
 Debbie Yates
 01/04/2001 08:34 PM
   
  
 
 It is that time of year again when the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo is coming to town.  You will want to be a part of the exciting 2001 Show!  This year the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo will donate $8 million for scholarships that benefit youth and support education.  I am once again a member of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo Carnival Ticket Sales Committee.  
 
 As part of that committee, I am selling carnival ticket books at half-price through February 9th, 2001.  This year there are two ways to save!
 
 There is a book of 24 ride coupons and 2 2-for-1 refreshment coupons (drink and popcorn).  This is a $20 value available for only $10.   
 
 For an even better deal, there is a book of 125 ride coupons, a free ride on the Hurricane family ride coupon, and 12 2-for-1 refreshment coupons (including drink, cotton candy, popcorn, french fries, and ice cream).  This is a $110 value available for only $50.
 
 The tickets are valid at the carnival February 8th - 10th and February 13th - March 4th.  All proceeds go to benefit the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo Scholarship and Educational Funds.
 
 I also have Advance Livestock Show tickets available for sale.  (A Rodeo ticket (good date of ticket only) or Livestock show ticket is required for admission to carnival.)  The prices are:  
 Adults (13 and over) are $6 each
 Children (6 through 12) are just $3 each
 Children under 6 will be admitted FREE
 Season passes are just $20
 
 This year there is very limited parking at the Astrodome.  10 Metro park and ride lots will be available for your commute to the Dome.  The best part is, the ride is FREE!
 
 You say you don't have children or don't attend the carnival yourself...anyone has the opportunity to sponsor underprivileged children to attend the carnival every year.  The price of sponsoring a child is $10 but any donation is accepted and will be combined with other donations received to sponsor children. Donors who contribute $1,000 or more, will receive rodeo badges that get you into the Livestock show for free.  All donations are tax deductible.  Any Enron employee donating money can have it matched by Enron.  Every $1 counts! 
 

 
 The 2001 Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo schedule will be announced in the coming weeks!  I have attached the schedule for The Hideout.  For more information, visit the official Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo website at :  http://www.rodeohouston.com/.
 
 Feel free to forward this note to anyone  you think might be interested.  Contact me with any questions.
 
 If you no longer want to receive information from me about the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, please send me an email asking to be removed from my list.
 
  	 
 
 Thank you for your support!
 
 Debbie
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
