
 
 Let me know if you guys are receiving the Transco postings.
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Chris Germany/HOU/ECT on 03/21/2001 07:36 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 

 03:28:51 PM




















































   
 
  
 Re: Offers for Permanent Relinquishment of Firm Capacity in
 Conjunction with the Momentum Expansion Project
 
 As a part of the Momentum Expansion Project ("Momentum"),
 Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corporation ("Transco") is
 soliciting offers for the permanent relinquishment of firm
 transportation capacity on the Transco system from Station 65 in
 Zone 3 or mainline receipt points in Zone 4 to delivery points
 in Zone 4 or Zone 5 at or upstream of Station 165. Subject to
 certain conditions, Transco intends to combine such relinquished
 capacity with newly constructed capacity in order to render
 service under Momentum. Offers for capacity relinquishment may
 be made only for existing transportation services provided under
 Part 284(G) of the FERC's regulations.
 
 Valid offers must meet the following criteria:
 
 1. The capacity offered must result in a reduction of the
 facilities otherwise required to serve the subscribing
 shippers under Momentum;
 
 2. Inclusion of relinquished capacity in the project must result
 in a lower cost of service for the project than if additional
 facilities were constructed;
 
 3. The remaining contract term for the relinquished capacity must
 not extend beyond the 15-year primary contract term of the
 Momentum service agreements;
 
 4. Offers for permanent relinquishment will not be accepted from
 shippers who nominate for service under Momentum;
 
 5. Offers must identify the specific contract(s), MDQ, receipt
 and delivery point(s) in each contract at which delivery point
 entitlements (DPEs) will be reduced as a result of the
 relinquishment of firm capacity to those points.  Shippers
 will not be permitted to relinquish a geographic portion of
 any contract; and
 
 6. Offers must be unconditional, binding and irrevocable.
 
 Such offers must be received by Transco no later than 5:00 PM
 CST on Friday, March 30, 2001.  After receipt of offers to
 relinquish capacity, Transco will finalize the design of the
 facilities to be constructed to render service under Momentum.
 
 Parties that submit offers to relinquish capacity will be
 notified as to whether the offer complied with the
 specifications set forth herein and whether the capacity will be
 accepted and utilized to render service under Momentum.  If more
 capacity is offered than is needed under Momentum, preference
 will be given to those offers that reduce the cost of Momentum
 to the greatest degree. In the event of a tie, preference will
 next be given to those offers that have the shortest remaining
 term for the capacity relinquished.
 
 Shippers with relinquished capacity that is included in Momentum
 will retain all rights and responsibilities set forth in their
 Service Agreement(s), Rate Schedule FT and the General Terms and
 Conditions of Transco's FERC Gas Tariff until Momentum firm
 transportation service commences through the relinquished
 capacity.  The relinquishing shipper's service agreements will
 be terminated or reduced effective on that day. Transco's
 acceptance of relinquished capacity is and will be subject to
 the following:
 
 1. Execution and delivery by the shipper to Transco of an
 agreement to permanently relinquish such firm transportation
 capacity (such agreement to be provided by Transco);
 
 2. Execution and delivery of an amendment to the shipper's firm
 transportation contract reflecting any modifications resulting
 from the relinquishment of a portion of the service related to
 such capacity, if applicable;
 
 3. Execution and delivery of firm service agreements by shippers
 subscribing to all capacity to be made available under
 Momentum;
 
 4. Shippers relinquishing capacity will file in support of
 Transco's applications for a certificate of public convenience
 and necessity authorizing Momentum;
 
 5. Receipt of a FERC certificate authorizing the proposed
 Momentum facilities and service (including approval of
 shipper's capacity relinquishment) in a form acceptable to
 Transco in its sole opinion; and
 
 6. Placing the entire Momentum project into service.  In the
 event that Momentum does not go forward for any reason,
 including, without limitation, the FERC authorizations being
 granted in a form unacceptable to Transco, the capacity
 relinquishment shall not be effectuated and all related
 agreements shall be null and void.
 
 Parties desiring more information regarding this announcement
 should contact Helen Laughlin at 713/215-3773 or Orlando
 Alvarado at 713/215-3378.
 
 
 
  - C.DTF
