
 
 Wade, I have decided that everything currently in our system is incorrect.  
 Please set up a meeting with all the people shown above and we will discuss 
 how to correctly handle this in our system.  We also have some other supply 
 behind the LDC that we might as well handle correctly.  
 Wade, while we are at it, do you want us to look at NYSEG, CPA, and East 
 Ohio??? Any others?
 
 People I need in attendance
 Mary Theresa or Jeanne
 Steve Gillespie
 Angie
 Sylvia Campos (or someone from the contracts group)
 
 This is what I'm thinking, everyone please think about this before we meet.
 I think I will have Peoples set up as a pipeline and we will move all the 
 deals to this new pipeline.  
 Steve, get the Peoples password from Angie.  I need you to go into escript 
 (Angie can help you with this) and run anything you can get out of this 
 system.  These are actually CES passwords.  It is my intention to use this 
 information to set up transport or pooling contracts in Sitara.
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 




  
 Phillips Production has/had two seperate PNG deals:
  1.  500 MCFD; $2.82/MCF; 1/1/00 - 6/30/00
  2.  300 MCFD;  $2.95/MCF;  1/1/00 - 11/30/00
 To my knowledge, PNG does not send out production information to either the 
 producer or the pool operator.  This information should be available on 
 E-Script.
  Phillips gets their production volumes (which they use to create our 
 invoice) from the company integrating the meter charts.  I beleive that this 
 is the same information provide to PNG.
 John
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 




 
  
 Wade,  Thanks for bringing this issue to our attention. But I need help 
 understanding this one.  We have a process already to handle John's behind 
 the citygate deals  
 
 Since, the actual scheduling is done by CES in Virginia,  we never nominate 
 this gas nor do we see actuals.  We hear about them from John and Terry and 
 we are supposed to get confirms from the producer and CES.  Whenever one of 
 these deals occurs, we have buys from the producer and sales to CES to 
 account for these transactions internally.
 
 It's my understanding that whenever John cuts one of these behind the 
 citygate deals;  that Terry puts it into Sitara for him.  The offset also 
 entered by Terry  is a sale to CES (Now the New Power Company effective Sept. 
 1) with commercial (usually Chris Germany) confirming the sale price.  Angie 
 schedules it in Unify under CNG and we create, track and balance like usual. 
 
 Is that not the case here?  Is this something that's getting reconciled in 
 Jeanne and Terry's project for CNG???
 
 By  Please keep me abreast of the status. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Wade R Price
 08/29/2000 02:53 PM


  
 ENA is being invoiced by Phillips Production Company for production on  
 Dominion Transmission (CNG) via Peoples Natural Gas.  This is 
 behind-city-gate gas that we do not get documents supporting the volumes. I 
 have invoices and production statements from Phillips.  
 
 Per John Singer Notes Mail of 08/23 concerning the July production," Phillips 

 Volume:  500/MCFD  (Actual Volume will vary.)   I have no way of verifying 
 the actual volume.  Chris Germany and Angie Zeman will try to get into CES's  
 PNG pool via E-Script.  This may be the only way to verify actual volumes.  I 
 have a call into Phillips to see if they might have a pipeline statement 
 verifying volumes."  Joihn's call to Phillips read partially,  " I just 

 
 Our deals have been using point 20200 on Dominion Transmission (CNG).  Deals 
 for Jan 00 - Mar 00 were 210359 and 210364.  These were copied to 226543 and 
 229733 respectively for April 00 forward  Deal 226543 has April 00 only, but 
 should probably be extended through June-00 according to deal notes from John.
 Here is our current status on this gas
 
 Prod  Invoice  Invoice  Current  
 Month  Volume  Price  Unify Vol Sitara Deal 
 

 June?))

 

 June?))

 

 
 We need to get our proccess together for handling this each month through the 
 end of the deal terms.
 
 Please direct the appropriate parties to help make these invoiced volumes 
 available on the deal and in Unify so I can pay Phillips.
 
 Thanks  WRP
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
