
 
 
 
  
    Cc:	Giron, Darron C.; Loibl, Kori; Bailey, Derek; Keiser, Kam; Gossett, Jeffrey C.; Palmer, B. Scott; Frank, Carole; Doan, Jad; McLaughlin Jr., Errol
  
 
 Read all the way to the end or you will miss out.
 
 A philosophy professor stood before his class and had some items in front of
 him. When the class began, wordlessly he picked up a large empty mayonnaise
 jar and proceeded to fill it with rocks, rocks about 2" in diameter. He then
 asked the students if the jar was full? They agreed that it was.
 
 So the professor then picked up a box of pebbles and poured them into the
 jar. He shook the jar lightly. The pebbles, of course, rolled into the open
 areas between the rocks. He then asked the students again if the jar was
 full. They agreed it was. The students laughed.
 
 The professor picked up a box of sand and poured it into the jar. Of course,
 the sand filled up everything else. "Now," said the professor, "I want you
 to recognize that this is your life. The rocks are the important things -
 your family, your partner, your health, your children - things that if
 everything else was lost and only they remained, your life would still be
 full.
 
 The pebbles are the other things that matter like your job, your house, your
 car. The sand is everything else. The small stuff."
 
 "If you put the sand into the jar first, there is no room for the pebbles or
 the rocks. The same goes for your life. If you spend all your time and
 energy on the small stuff, you will never have room for the things that are
 important to you. Pay attention to the things that are critical to your
 happiness. Play with your children. Take time to get medical checkups. Take
 your partner out dancing. There will always be time to go to work, clean the
 house, give a dinner party and fix the disposal."
 
 "Take care of the rocks first - the things that really matter. Set your
 priorities. The rest is just sand."
 
 But then... A particularly adept student took the jar which the other
 students and the professor agreed was full, and proceeded to pour in a glass
 of beer. Of course the beer filled the remaining spaces within the jar
 making the jar truly full.
 
 The student said " You know, no matter how full your life is of big and
 small things, there is always room in it for BEER."
 
  - winmail.dat 