
 
 I will be able to interview at either time.  I selected the late time on the 
 email, but wanted to respond to make sure you received it.
 
 DG
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT on 02/09/2001 
 10:45 AM ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
    
 Darron, David, please respond to Jana in regards to the times that you will 
 be available to interview candidates.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Andrea Richards/NA/Enron on 02/09/2001 
 10:41 AM ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 




 Thomas Myers/HOU/ECT
  
  
 
 
 	
 
 All,
 
 The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that 
 need to be addressed immediately.  While we anticipate many new Analysts 
 joining Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it 
 necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting 
 event.  We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting 
 approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.  I am asking that you forward 
 this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).  We will conduct 
 first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the 
 afternoon.  We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 
 (9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm) complete session.  Please submit your 
 response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.  If 
 you are currently on the new Outlook program, you may not be able to use the 
 buttons below.  In that instance, please contact me at x39233 to volunteer.  
 
 In addition, we have a need within one of Enron's business units for 
 accounting majors.  We will be bringing several people in to interview with 
 accounting backgrounds.  We will then make sure that the schedule will be set 
 so you would interview these specific candidates.  We would greatly 
 appreciate your assistance in this effort.  Thanks in advance for your 
 cooperation.
 
   
 
 
 Thank you,
 Jana
 
 
 
 
 
 
