
 
 Please try to schedule a call with Justin and Paul in London and  Alison at 
 ISDA over the next week or so.  Mark
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT on 12/08/99 09:46 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 


  
 
 
 Dear Mark,
 
 Thank you for your suggested topics.  I will forward your e-mail on to Susan
 Hinko as I understand she will be working on this panel with you.  I would
 be happy to arrange a conference call for sometime next week.  Please advise
 on who should participate on the call and I can issue an e-mail requesting
 the participants availability.
 
 Until we have the conference call, I will amend the agenda to include your
 suggested topics below.  Once we determine who should participate on the
 call, I will circulate the agenda to all conference call participants.  I
 agree that it will be a good time to have an Energy Derivatives panel in
 Europe during the AGM as I understand there has been a lot of activity in
 this market in Europe.
 
 By the way, I understand that Sylvia contacted our office regarding the
 dates for Strategic Planning in 2000.  Strategic Planning is scheduled for
 Wednesday, June 7 through Friday, June 9 at the Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa in
 Sonoma, California.  Please mark your calendar.  The Board Meeting during
 the AGM will be held on Wednesday, March 15 and Thursday, March 16 during
 lunch on each day.
 
 Please let me know about scheduling a conference call by Friday, December
 10.
 
 I look forward to hearing from you and best regards,
 Alison Smythe
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 Alison:
 
 I think the energy panel at the AGM on March 17, 2000 in Amsterdam should
 discuss (i) development of energy trading on the continent, (ii) energy
 documentation issues and (iii) regulatory barriers to energy trading.  This
 is a great time to do a panel on energy trading in Europe!  I will copy Paul
 and Justin in London to get their ideas on both topics and panel members.
 Perhaps we can have a conference call next week.
 
 Mark
 
