
 
 I think we should try this out.  I will work on that.  Mark
 ----- Forwarded by Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT on 05/24/2000 06:02 PM -----
 

 	05/19/2000 01:05 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 FYI
 
 GP
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Greg Piper/Corp/Enron on 05/19/2000 01:03 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 

    
 
 What is your global strategy? How will you implement it?
 
 Global eCommerce Law & Business Report can help net market makers answer
 these questions with rich monthly analyses of legal and regulatory issues,
 best business practices, and the barriers and opportunities that exist in
 regions around the world. In our latest issue, for example, we provide a
 detailed evaluation of content regulation, privacy, electronic signatures,
 and consumer regulation which e-commerce marketers in Japan must consider.
 Next month, look for a review of the regulatory environment in China.
 
 Also in the current issue, a senior analyst at the Yankee Group explores
 Latin America's fast growing Internet market, which is expected to more
 than double by 2003. Venture capital funds are funneling billions of
 dollars into enterprises in the region, and global players like Microsoft,
 AOL, and Telefonica of Spain are making substantial acquisitions. Is this a
 market you should be in?
 
 As net markets build liquidity and seek to add value, globalization becomes
 an increasingly important component of many business models. Global
 eCommerce will help you stay ahead of the curve.
 
 
 TWO FREE ISSUES of GLOBAL E-COMMERCE LAW AND BUSINESS REPORT
 
 
 Vicki Mills was fortunate to meet many of you at the ground.zero3
 conference in Boston this week, but she wasn't able to assure that each of
 you received a sample copy of the publication. WorldTrade Executive would
 therefore like to extend a special, risk-free offer to attendees of
 ground.zero3.
 
 Simply reply to this e-mail message, providing the information indicated
 below, and you will receive 12 issues of Global eCommerce for only $498 d
 that's $100 off our regular subscription rate. You may cancel at any time
 during the first 60 days for a full refund, but we are confident you will
 find Global eCommerce to be a valuable addition to your strategic planning
 tools.
 
 Remember, there is absolutely no risk to try GLOBAL eCOMMERCE.
 
 
 PLEASE INCLUDE CONTACT INFO BELOW
 [Z9]
 
 Name:
 Title:
 Company:
 Street Address:
 City:                           State:                 Zip Code:
 Country:
 Phone:                          Email:
 
 [Z9]  Global eCommerce Law and Business Report Risk-free trial
 
 Credit Card #:
 Expire Date:
 Bill Me   [    ]
 I Prefer: Mailed Copies [    ]    Emailed PDF Copies [    ]
 
 
 GLOBAL eCOMMERCE is published by WorldTrade Executive, relied on by more
 than half of the Global 1000 for such titles as Practical U.S./
 International Tax Strategies, International Finance & Treasury and Russian
 Petroleum Investor.
 
 2250 Main Street
 Concord, MA 01742
 USA
 978 287-0301 tel
 978 287-0302 fax
 http://www.wtexec.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
