
 
 ----- Forwarded by Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT on 06/08/00 07:10 PM -----
 

 	06/07/00 12:24 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 Mark-    I'd like to invite you to pareticipate in the newly formed Houston
 Chapter of the Texas General Counsel Forum.  GC and their direct reports are
 the targeted membership and the organization has been very successful in
 Dallas.  Led by several local GC and supported by only a few large law and
 accounting firms, the Houston effort is just beginning.  Current
 participants include Chase, Reliant Energy, Compaq, Texaco, Equiva, American
 General, Sterling Bankshares and others.
 
  A breakfast meeting is scheduled for June 13 at the Doubletree in Allen
 Center at 8:00 a.m. in the Granger A conference room.  Each organizer is
 inviting two guests and I hope you can be one of mine.  Of course,  we would
 also like Jim to participate and membership is open to all GC or their
 direct reports in a company. Vince may visit with Jim about this group.
 
 I have copied below a blurb desciribing the TGCF and membership plans. Let
 me know by phone or email.  Thank you very much.
 
 I just got back form 6 rounds of golf in 3 days at the Inn of the Mountain
 Gods in Ruidoso. And a little time in the casino. Have you played there? My
 game can be desrcibed as " arguably improving early beginner", says the rest
 of the foursome.
 
                                              The Texas General Counsel Forum
 is an organization whose mission is to
                                              facilitate communication and
 information sharing among general counsel and
                                              outside counsel of best
 practices for legal department management and for
                                              effective communication between
 the legal department and executive
                                              management. Membership is open
 to general counsel and their direct reports
                                              with management responsibility
 for legal affairs of their companies, and
                                              to select outside counsel who
 provide services to corporate legal departments.
                                              Directors and members of the
 Forum will be present to discuss the
                                              organization's goals, purpose
 and activities. Information about
                                              up -coming events and
 membership applications will be available.
 
 
