
 
 Mary: 
 This is complicated for oil companies.  Mobil Exxon only does hedging.  Shell 
 has at least two groups, with one doing mostly hedging and one doing mostly 
 trading for profit.  BP Amoco is sort of in between.  It is very clear with 
 respect to Cargill and El Paso and Shell -- each should be primary.  The 
 companies may be trying to manipulate the rules by having the hedging 
 organization send in the application.  
 Let me know if you need other info.
 
 
 Mark
 
 
 

 	10/16/2000 09:59 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 This is the response I received from Shell when I requested that they
 reapply at the Primary level.
 
 I did tell him that there will be some energy/gas companies in the
 Subscriber category who will be asked to move to the Primary category in
 2001.  Those were firms that were members before we made the by-law change
 to 'solely'.
 
 I am of the thinking that in addition to Cargill, El Paso Energy and TXU
 Europe Power, we would also ask BP Amoco and Mobil Exxon to all move to
 Primary.  
 
 Any suggestions...
 
 Thanks,
 Mary
 
 
 
     
 
 Mary,
 Thanks for your reply. Unfortunately I have to disagree with the Board of
 Directors in this case! We are an end user of derivatives purely for hedging
 purposes as part of our asset and liability management. This seems to
 specifically exclude us from primary membership according to your website
 definition. As I see that BP Amoco and Mobil Exxon are subscriber members,
 it would seem strange that Shell would be considered in a different light.
 Grateful if you could re submit our application for Subscriber Membership on
 this basis.
 Many thanks!
 
 Best Regards,
 
 STUART LAW
 Stuart Law,
 Back Office Manager, Treasury Operations(FSTO)
 Shell Finance Services,
 Shell Centre,
 London,
 SE1 7NA
 
 Tel: +44 (0)20 7934 6270
 Fax +44 (0)20 7934 6949

 Please note new dialling code for London 020 and new 8 digit number.
 
 
 
     
 
 Stuart:
 
 I forwarded your membership application to our Board of Directors and they
 have indicated to me that Shell International Limited would appropriately
 fall under our Primary membership category which is for institutions that
 act as dealers in derivatives.  The annual dues would be US $25,000.
 
 The Subscriber category is for end-users of derivatives.  
 
 If you are still interested in joining, you can download the Primary
 application form from our website (www.isda.org).
 
 Please let me know if you have any further questions.
 
 Sincerely,
 Mary Cunningham
 
   
 
 
     
 
 Dear Ms. Cunningham,
 We are hoping to apply for ISDA Subscriber Membership, but cannot find any
 mention on your website of the membership fees. Could you please advise what
 is the membership fee for Subscriber Membership?
 Many thanks!
 
 Best Regards,
 
 STUART LAW
 Stuart Law,
 Back Office Manager, Treasury Operations(FSTO)
 Shell Finance Services,
 Shell Centre,
 London,
 SE1 7NA
 
 Tel: +44 (0)20 7934 6270
 Fax +44 (0)20 7934 6949

 Please note new dialling code for London 020 and new 8 digit number.
 
