
 
 Alan:  This makes sense to me.  Please get with John or send your e-mail to 
 him and see if this matter can be resolved quickly.  Mark
 
 
 
 	Alan Aronowitz
 	02/04/2001 10:58 AM
 		 

 		  
 Ned, Andy and I have discussed the dispute resolution provisions of the 
 possible EPC Contract between Enron LNG Atlantic Limited (EGM affiliate) and 
 EE&CC for Project Jose.
 
 Attached is Ned's memo outlining our conclusions at this time. In essence, we 
 thought that:
 
 Only upon the parties' mutually agreement would the use of a qualified 
 independent expert (arbitrator) subject to AAA rules (note: the current 
 language in the draft would need to be changed to clarify that AAA rules 
 would apply to the IE's proceedings) be the appropriate mechanism for the 
 expeditious handling of a narrow group of technical disputes ("Technical 
 Disputes"). Primarily, these would be disputes over the adjustment of the 
 contract price for a change order or the date of a milestone or completion 
 date due a change order. 
 In the interests of an expeditious resolution, the current draft should be 
 changed to reflect that the IE's decisions would be final, and 
 non-appealable, as contrasted with the current draft where in certain 
 instances they can be appealed to the three-arbitrator panel.
 The "baseball arbitration" approach required in the current draft should be 
 used by the IE for these Technical Disputes only, and would not apply to 
 disputes handled by the three-arbitrator Panel. The commercial people on the 
 Enron LNG side of the table like baseball arbitration b/c they believe it 
 mitigates the possibility of claims inflation by the Contractor in these 
 change order price disputes. 
 All other disputes under the Contract would be handled by a three-arbitrator 
 panel ("Panel") subject to AAA rules, which would also handle all Technical 
 Disputes if the parties cannot mutually agree to an IE.
 The Dispute Resolution Section of the draft Contract should be refined in 
 some areas to provide greater clarity. Andy and Ned are in the process of 
 doing this.
 
 If you have any questions before you visit with Vicki or John, please advise 
 any of us.
 
 Alan
 
 
 ----- Forwarded by Alan Aronowitz/HOU/ECT on 02/04/2001 10:25 AM -----
 

 	02/01/2001 06:48 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Please see attached memo regarding this afternoon's discussion of proposed 
 resolution to the concerns posed on the arbitration clause.
 
    Thanks, Ned
 
 
   
 
