
 
 Let's send it out today.  Mark
 ----- Forwarded by Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT on 02/21/2001 01:10 PM -----
 

 	02/20/2001 11:28 AM
 		

 		  
 I am fine with the announcement, as revised.  ry
 
 


 
  
 Below are Mark Haedicke's revisions to the announcement.
 
 
 The purpose of this memo is to share with you the new We are pleased to 
 announce organizational changes that have been implemented in to the Enron 
 South America legal department in response to the recent reorganization and 
 realignment of the principal Enron Wholesale Services business units 
 operating in the region, Enron Americas and Enron Global Assets. 
 
 Randy Young, currently General Counsel of ESA, will be assuming new 
 responsibilities within Enron.  Replacing him will be John Novak, who will 
 become General Counsel of ESA, reporting to Mark Haedicke.  The ESA legal 
 department will be responsible for supporting all Enron Americas and Enron 
 Global Assets businesses in the region.  Additional legal resources, 
 coordinated by Lance Schuler, will be provided from EWS - Legal in Houston to 
 support ESA's wholesale activities.  John will also work closely with Bruce 
 Lundstrom, General Counsel of EGA, to coordinate legal support with respect 
 to the EGA businesses in the region.  An organizational chart describing the 
 new structure is attached.
 
 We believe This new structure will enable us to continue to provide quality 
 legal support across business lines within South America while improving 
 coordination and providing additional support from Houston for Enron's 
 existing operating businesses, as well as the new business development 
 initiatives under way in the region.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 	02/16/2001 02:02 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 Mark, Bruce and Randy:  Below is a draft reorg memo and an updated org chart 
 for your review and comment.  The org chart is a bit dense so any suggestions 
 on how to clean it up would be welcome.  Thanks.
 
 Rgds,
  John
 
 
 The purpose of this memo is to share with you the new organizational changes 
 that have been implemented in the Enron South America legal department in 
 response to the recent reorganization and realignment of the principal Enron 
 Wholesale Services business units operating in the region, Enron Americas and 
 Enron Global Assets. 
 
 Randy Young, currently general counsel of ESA, will be assuming new 
 responsibilities within Enron. Replacing him will be John Novak, who will 
 become general counsel of ESA, reporting to Mark Haedicke.  The ESA legal 
 department will be responsible for supporting all Enron Americas and Enron 
 Global Assets businesses in the region.  Additional legal resources, 
 coordinated by Lance Schuler, will be provided from EWS - Legal in Houston to 
 support ESA's wholesale activities.  John will also work closely with Bruce 
 Lundstrom, general counsel of EGA, to coordinate legal support with respect 
 to the EGA businesses in the region.  An organizational chart describing the 
 new structure is attached.
 
 We believe this new structure will enable us to continue to provide quality 
 legal support across business lines within South America while improving 
 coordination and providing additional support from Houston for Enron's 
 existing operating businesses as well as the new business development 
 initiatives under way in the region.
 
 Mark Haedicke
 
 
 
 
 
