
 
 Please handle.  I think you should send an email to the OGC and ask if they 
 are aware of any such contracts.  Mark
 ----- Forwarded by Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT on 04/11/2001 02:53 PM -----
 

 	04/10/2001 12:18 PM
 		 











 		  		  Program
 
 
 Dear General Counsels:
 
 The U.S. Small Business Administration, Office of Government Contracting has 
 advised that on May 25, 2001, they will evaluate Enron's subcontracting 
 program and compliance on any subcontracting plans in effect on current 
 contracts.
 
 This review will cover the last five (5) years.  All Forms 294 and 295 filed 
 with the Small Business Adminstration along with the names of each 
 Administrative Contracting Officer (U.S. Government employee responsible for 
 monitoring the contract) for each contract will be subject to the review.
 
 In addition, total subcontract placement with small businesses, small 
 disadvantaged businesses, women-owned small businesses, and HubZone small 
 businesses shall be reviewed.  Further, the amount of indirect or overhead 
 costs, if any, apportioned to contract goals is subject to review.
 
 We will also need information on the number of active suppliers Enron is 
 currently using in the following categories:  large business, small business, 
 small disadvantaged business, women-owned small business and HubZone 
 business.  The review will cover these figures for one year ago if available.
 
 Please contact me by Wednesday, April 11, 2001 and advise me of the number of 
 contracts between the United States Government and the Enron entities you 
 represent.  In the event any of the Enron entities which you represent have 
 government contracts, we will need a member of your respective law 
 department(s) to pull the government contracts, and all supporting 
 documentation, from the Enron companies which you represent and be available 
 to work with other members of the team.
 
 If you have any questions, please contact me at 713-853-7224.
 
 Thank you.
 
 Sharon
 
