
 
 fyi
 ----- Forwarded by Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT on 04/24/2001 02:31 PM -----
 
 	John Sherriff
 	04/24/2001 12:55 AM
 		 
 		  Communications, Mark Frevert/NA/Enron, Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT, Mike 






 Jeff Kinneman/HOU/ECT, Rebecca McDonald/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Carey 

 Brown/LON/ECT, Mark Evans/Legal/LON/ECT, Fernley Dyson/LON/ECT, Ted 



 		  		  
 
 May I please have your comments if any on this draft by close of business 
 Wednesday.  We hope to have agreed on the Q&A's by then and to send it out 
 the announcement on Thursday.
 
 John
 
 To be sent to:  All Enron Europe, all employees in Japan,  all Global Markets 
 and all VPs and up around the company
 
 Enron has established several wholesale businesses in Japan in the last year 
 including Metals,  Power Plant Development (via our investment in EnCom),  
 Coal,  LNG & Weather.   Though Japan continues to make progress towards a 
 liberalized electricity market, significant barriers to power trading remain 
 under the current interim market structure.  Until further tangible steps are 
 taken to improve third party access for electricity in Japan, we will suspend 
 our power marketing efforts and focus on the significant opportunities that 
 currently exist in our other wholesale businesses.   Once the necessary 
 regulatory changes have been completed we expect to aggressively pursue 
 Enron's traditional position as the leading buyer and seller of electricity 
 in every deregulated market.  
 
 Based on these changes Joe Hirl our President of Enron Japan will move to the 
 Global Markets group and lead a team that will focus on developing all our 
 Global Markets opportunities in Japan especially Weather,  Oil,  LNG,  Coal, 
 and Shipping.    We expect to continue our general recruiting  of Japanese 
 nationals and as President of Enron Japan,  Joe will continue to provide the 
 overall business leadership to both recruiting and the Analyst and Associate 
 program in Japan.  The Finance origination team headed by Jeremy Thirsk will 
 continue to report to Joe and also move to Global Markets.  Our power trading 
 group led by Morton Erik Pettersen will transition into other roles around 
 Enron.  The Equity/FX/Interest rate team which is a part of Global Markets 
 has two employees in the Tokyo office today and they expect to expand their 
 efforts throughout the year.
 
 The EnCom group, which is our power plant development business (with minority 
 partners) and headed by Carey Sloan will continue its efforts in developing 
 power plants in Japan.  We are pleased with the progress we are making on a 
 number of sites and EnCom will continue to report to the Enron Europe Office 
 of the Chairman.
 
 Our Metals team headed by Kazunari Sugimoto will continue to report through 
 Enron Metals in London.
 
 By May we expect Enron Credit to have two to three employees in Tokyo pursing 
 the Credit Derivative business.  These employees remain in  Enron Credit , a 
 part of Enron Europe.
 
 EBS has two employees headed by Jim Weisser and this team expects to expand  
 by year end.
 
 The Industrial Markets team also expects to have two employees in the Tokyo 
 office in the next couple of months.
 
 In the last seven months the commercial support services for Japan have been 
 transitioned to London for support and this is not changing.  Jane McBride 
 heads the legal team and will continue to functionally report  to Mark Evans, 
 General Counsel in London.   The RAC function will continue to report to Ted 
 Murphy, head of RAC for Enron Europe.   The Risk Management and Accounting 
 team is headed by Jan-Erland Bekeng will continue to functionally report to 
 Fernley Dyson in London.  The  IT, HR,  Tax and real estate teams will also 
 continue to functionally report to London. 
 
 Nick O'Day who heads both the Public Affairs group (Government & Regulatory 
 Affairs and the Public Relations) in Japan will report to the Enron Europe 
 Office of the Chair with a Public Relations functional reporting to Jackie 
 Genle in London and a Government Affairs functional reporting to Rick 
 Shappiro in Houston.   We anticipate that his team's efforts will be 
 primarily directed to supporting the EnCom power plant development team but 
 he will also continue to provide support for Global Markets, EBS & Industrial 
 Markets.
 
 We have already made considerable progress in breaking into the Japanese 
 markets across a wide range of Enron businesses and we anticipate that this 
 will be a major profit center for profit growth for years to come. Through 
 these current changes we can demonstrate our ability to be flexible and 
 target our resources where they will realise the most immediate value for the 
 company.
