
 
 ok
 
 
 

 	05/09/2001 06:02 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  Florida
 
 Mark,
 
 I have a unique outside counsel request on which I'd like your approval.  I 
 am involved with a potential power plant development project with the 
 Seminole Indian Tribe of Florida.  The project would be on their land and 
 would potentially involve a joint venture with them.  Although we are at a 
 preliminary stage, even the initial letter of intent that we are negotiating 
 raises unique issues that will set the precedent for our project development 
 agreements with respect to enforceability, jurisdiction and dispute 
 resolution matters.  
 
 I have identified and spoken with Lynn Slade of the New Mexico law firm of 
 Modrall, Sperling, Roehl, Harris & Sisk on whether he could advise us on the 
 Indian law issues associated with this project.  Lynn and several of his 
 colleagues specialize on Indian law matters, and Lynn has experience both 
 with representing Enron and in handling energy transactions in general.  In 
 fact, Lynn gave a presentation at the 1999 Enron law conference entitled 
 "Energy Business in 'Indian Country': Opportunities and Obstacles" (credit 
 goes to Jeff Hodge for remembering that presentation and suggesting I contact 
 Lynn); Lynn has represented several of Enron's pipeline companies, as well as 
 the government affairs department, in connection with their Indian law issues 
 and, at one time, prepared an opinion letter for ENA in a transaction 
 involving the Ute tribe.  
 
 Lastly, please note that I had asked our Florida counsel of Greenberg Trauig 
 on whether they had any Indian law expertise, including specifically, any 
 experience involving the Seminoles.  Unfortunately, the Seminoles are one of 
 their clients so Greenberg cannot represent us in a manner adverse to the 
 Tribe.  
 
 Thanks in advance for your attention and consideration of this request.
 
 Carlos Sole'
 Senior Counsel
 Enron North America Corp.
 1400 Smith Street
 Houston, Texas 77002-7361
 
 (713) 345-8191 (phone)
 (713) 646-3393 (fax)
