
 
 Brian - I''ll be on vacation next week so if you have any questions, please 
 call my counterpart in Houston, Christi Nicolay.  Her E-mail address is 
 above.  Her phone number is (713) 853-7007.  
 
 Christi will be pulling together the answer to data request number 8 for you 
 for just the WSCC.  Christi - Chris is your contact person here to make sure 
 the numbers are correct.
 
 
 
 
    
 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
 	
 	      09/15/2000 04:59 AM
 	
 
    
 
 I appreciate your quick response.  Yes, we would like response to question 8 
 for the WSCC only.  Thank yor the names at Enron Wind.  I will contact them 
 shortly.  Other team members have reviewed your responses, but I have not got 
 a l chance to look at them in detail.  I plan to do this today.  As a resutl, 
 I may have further questions or data needs depending upon what was provided.  
 Please call me at 202-208-2493 if you need anything.
 

 
 Since you only wanted information for the WSCC, do you want the answer to
 number 8 to be corrected to only include information for the WSCC?
 
 We don't have any information here about Enron Winds' generators.  I have
 forwarded your data requests to the following people at Enron Wind who I
 hope will be able to help you:  John Lamb, Michael Payne, and Hap Boyd.


 
 
 
 
  (Embedded     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
  image moved

                09/12/2000 08:17 AM
 
 
 
 
 
 
  cc:
  
 
 Thank you for your timely response to FERC's data request.  To date, I have
 received responses to questions 2-8.  The only oustanding items are
 responses to question #1 and a portion of #4 (unit identifier).  It is
 understood that the responses for #1 will be availalbe after September 15
 and the additional information for #4 will be available this week.  We will
 look over your responses and call you if clarification or additional
 information is necessary.  We will treat as you requested #2, 3, 4, 6, and
 8 as Confidential.
 
 You were correct is responding only to the WSCC.  We did not purovidea
 separate data requests to Enron Wind.  In not doing so, what information
 are we missing from our data requests?  Please e-mail me a response to this
 questions.  For any other concerns please continue to use e-mail or contact
 me at 202-208-2493.
 
 Thanks!
 
 
 
 
 
