
 
 We are still working on the plane, and the answer is that the plane will be 
 billed to the RC reserving it for the flight.    If commercial wants to take 
 it to a lower level than that it will be up to them to do so.     It will 
 take some actual doing on our side to make this happen, but it can be 
 done.     The budget will be taken care of in Planning as we go through the 
 year.      From an ETS point of view all of the plane is in Commercial or 
 Executive (Stan) and so it should not be a problem to track the budget.   
 Tracy has the point on this one.
 
 Jim Saunders:    What do you know about the other comments?
 
 
 
 
 
 Mike McGowan
 12/12/2000 10:16 AM
   
  
 Rod--
 
 I never heard back from you on this airplane accounting issue for year 2001.  
 Any thoughts on timing as to who we can work with to finalize by year end?   
 Can we work with Dave Waymire here in Omaha??
 
 Also,  there was an article in  this past  Sunday's World Herald that   FASB 
 has reversed its position on merger accounting and will not require firms to 
 amortize Goodwill  over time and  write it off against current income of a 
 merged company.  In addition, the new plan would eliminate the  "pooling of 
 interest"  restrictions and allow merged companies to sell off unwanted 
 assets prior to the two year waing period now required.  I'm not sure if this 
 revision would be applicable to mergers which occurred before this FASB 
 revision or not.  
 
 Do you have any insights on this???
 
 Thank You.
 
 Mike McGowan
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mike McGowan/ET&S/Enron on 12/12/2000 
 10:06 AM ---------------------------
 
 
 Mike McGowan
 11/21/2000 11:40 AM
   
  
 Rod - we have discussed the accounting for plane uasage on year 2001 and have 
 determined that  the actual trip costs will be billed direct to the user's 
 RC.  However,  the 2001 budget costs for the plane have been included in Dan 
 McCarty's executive RC budget.  Thus, we will have to develop a procedure to 
 charge the RC for atctual costs, but credit the plane budget and maintain 
 some control as to the overall status of the budget.
 
 Who would you like me to work with to develop/coordinate these procedures?
 
 Thanks!
 
 
 
