
 
 I would be happy to do so.   Do you have a preference, or Lawrence do you have a preference as to how this is handled? 
 
 Should someone from the pipes be in the bank meeting, for moral support, if not for the steel.
 
  
    Cc:	Clayton, Lawrence; Ralph, Susan; Glisan, Ben; Simien, Jimmy; Heineman, Sarah
  
 Rod,
 
 I spoke to Jack Insinga of Standard Chartered yesterday. He specifically needs to speak to someone with Enron who can address the EOTT situation from Enron's perspective.  I told hiim I thought you were the best person for this discussion. We are having a bank meeting next Friday a.m. , November 9th and perhaps sometime prior to that would be a good time to meet.
 
 All of the banks are looking for more information before they will do anything for us so realistically I am not optimistic that BNP Paribas will change their credit view at this time.  Hopefully after the banks have had time to digest the bank meeting information, credit committees will calm down a bit.
 
 Thanks, Kelly
 
 
 
  
    Cc:	Clayton, Lawrence; Ralph, Susan
  
 FYI
 
  
    Cc:	Clayton, Lawrence
  
 Rod I do not have Kelly Boots e-mail address and am traveling today without a phone directory... but I wanted to share or at least ask that we treat Standard Chartered real nice as we go through this crisis.  These guys are stepping up for us in every way....they (along with ING) are 100% behind us and are putting their money on it.  Also BNP Pays Bas is having an awful time with their credit committee...the business people have approved this and do not feel that Enron's problem effects us but the credit committee is not so forgiving.  If Kelly or anyone can do anything to help Paysbas in this situation it would be greatly appreciated.   My account executive there is Lincoln Payton and Marci Weiss...
 
 Would you be so kind as to pass this along to Kelly or anyone else that you feel appropriate?
 ----- Forwarded by Susan Ralph/Houston/Eott on 12/01/01 11:19 AM -----
 
 
 	Josie Castrejana 10/31/01 11:04 AM 	    
 
 Jack Insigna just called me and he has gotten approval from his credit officer to do:
 
 		Apache 
 		J. Cleo Thompson
 		Newfield Exlporation
 		W.C. Miller 
 
 jc 
 
 Josie Castrejana
 Director - Credit/Finance
 Ph.: 713/993--5285
 Fax: 713/402-2886