
 
 2 meetings on monday  8 & 9:30 and 2 on friday, 9 & 10.
 
  
     
 
 
 Rod:
 I have been meaning to ask you, what staff meetings should I be attending and
 when are they held?
 
     
                 
    Fyi
    --------------------------
    Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
 
 
    


         
    Something for us to talk about during our next staff meeting.
 
    There are three projects which have significant cash flow problems and
    thus difficulties in meeting debt obligations: these are: SECLP, Panama
    and Gaza.  In the past, as I suppose we have done in Dabhol, we have
    taken the position that we would not inject cash into these companies
    and would be prepared to face a default and possible acceleration of the
    loans.  SECLP has been the biggest issue/problem.  Panama is much less
    (a few million of floating of our receivables from the company) would be
    sufficient to meet the cash crunch in April of this year.  Note that, in
    Panama, the debt is fully guaranteed by the government and is
    non-recoursed to the operating company, BLM.  In the past, we have
    discussed letting the debt default, which would cause the bank to
    potentially seek complete payment and acceleration from the GoPanama.
    The reason: the vast majority of BLM's problems stem from actions taken
    by the regulator that have effectively amended our PPA's with private
    parties; those actions resulted in significant loss of revenues, which
    although today have stopped or have been limited, have left a "mark" on
    the company's liquidity position.
 
    Now the question is: come April of 2002, should any of our actions in
    Panama or decisions related thereto (which we would have otherwise taken
    or made) be affected in any way by either the proposed merger or an
    effort by Enron to preserve efforts to re-establish investor/creditor
    confidence?  The same could go for SECLP and Gaza.
 
    This is simply an overall "guidance" question.  Let's take it up during
    our staff meeting next week, if that's ok with you.
 
    Many thanks, Mariella
