
 
 Okay.
 
  
     
 Marie,
 
   I think we should do the guaranty and keep the original - at least until David learns the ropes.
 
  
    Cc:	Rossi, Robbi
  
 I think it will be okay for them to sign.  They will need to print and sign two originals and return both copies to you.  Both David and John will need to initial before the agreements can be signed by an authorized officer.  Additionally, our notice information will need to be completed.  Once signed by Uecomm and returned to you, please let me know so that we can process the Enron Corp. guaranty or will David process it from your end?  Also, I don't know if you will keep the original in Australia or if it will come back to Houston.  Robbi, do you know?  We can cross that bridge once it is fully executed.
 
 Hope this isn't too confusing!
 
 Marie 
 
  
    Cc:	Cohagan, Fred; Suttle, John; Rossi, Robbi; Minns, David
  
 Thanks Marie,
 
 I forgot to ask you this on the phone:    Assuming they don't have any comments, what's the procedure going forward?  Do you have to send them an executable version? or could they sign this one?
 
 Pat
 
  
    Cc:	Cohagan, Fred; Suttle, John; Rossi, Robbi; Minns, David
  Importance:	High
 
 Pat:
 
 Attached for your further handling is the revised Master Agreement deleting the "eligible contract participant" rep.
 
 Marie
 
 
 
 		 << File: 001ctr(uecomm).doc >>  << File: 001CTR(UECOMM).RED.DOC >> 
  
    Cc:	Suttle, John; Rossi, Robbi
  Importance:	High
 
 Pat:
 
 Attached for your further handling are a clean and blacklined draft of the Master Agreement between Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd. and Uecomm Operations Pty Limited.  I blacklined my draft against the draft that David prepared since I didn't have a clean copy of Uecomm's comments.
 
 Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
 
 Marie
 
 
 Marie Heard
 Senior Legal Specialist
 Enron North America Corp.
 Phone:  (713) 853-3907
 Fax:  (713) 646-3490

 
 
 				 << File: 001ctr(uecomm).doc >> 	 << File: 001CTR(UECOMM).RED.DOC >> 