
 
 Agree.  We could waste alot of time with Candover and not get anywhere.
 
  
    Cc:	Horton, Stanley; Walia, Amit; Muller, Mark S.; Matthew C. Harris (E-mail); David Munoz (E-mail)
  
 Adam,
 
 The current thinking (and we just spoke with Chris Spencer about an hour ago) is to prepare for an auction while trying to get Candover in a position to moot an auction.  They have identified some folks that they would want to be involved in the project with them and would like them to meet us and you, probably next week.  Amit will be calling to coordinate schedules.
 
 But I WILL not put all my eggs in the Candover basket, and that is why we need to prepare for an auction as well when we ready.
 
 Take care, 
 Mark
 
  
     
 I do not know them and, from the e-mail, it sounds like they are only interested in North American development assets.  Adam
 
 By the way, what is your current thinking on the sale process.  Going to give Candover a semi-exclusive or will we go to an auction process with multiple bidders? 
 
 
    
  
 Who are these guys?  By the way, I have made contact with Scottish Power/Pacificorp.  They seem more interested in the development business, but I promised to keep in touch.  Take care, Mark
 
  
     
 more expressions of interest.  This one doesn't excite me.  Adam
 
    
  
 Larry -- I don't know what the plans are for Enron Wind given recent events.  However, I've cc'd Adam Umanoff, the CEO at Enron Wind, to introduce the two of you.  Please feel free to follow up with him directly.
  
 Adam -- I met Larry at a NREL conference a few weeks ago.  Larry runs a small start-up that is developing a behind-the-tower design which allows for lower cost construction.  Even if his contemplated transaction is of no interest, you may enjoy learning about his technology.
  
 Please call me if you have any questions or comments.
  
 Thanks
  
 Heath 
  
 
 Heath Schiesser 
 713-345-4585 

 
 
     
 
 Hello Heath,
  
 Thanks for returning my call.
  
 The Wind Turbine Company (WTC) is interested in exploring the possiblity of taking over Enron Wind Corporation with the idea of selling off the European operations and all existing manufacturing operations.  We are interested in the company's North American wind operations and the properties held for development.
  
 As you know, WTC is a small company, however, we are talking with a few large companies about investing in our company and prospectively taking an active role in the wind industry.  Enron Wind's existing windfarms would form an excellent operating base for us, providing properties to develop, and significant opportunities to deploy our new machines through the redevelopment of projects now employing the European style machine.
  
 I would appreciate any guidance you provide.
  
 Best regards,
  
 Larry Miles
 
 
 
