
 
 First of all congratulations on completing your degree.  Having completed my Masters degree by going to school at nights and Saturdays while working full time I know first hand the commitment that takes.  I suggest that you work through Mary Ellen in trying to find the right position.  She knows Gary Smith, VP of HR for ETS.  Between the two of them they should be able to offer you the right advise.  Keep me informed.
 
  
     
 Stan,
 
 I had the opportunity to participate in the Table Talk session yesterday at
 EOTT and want to follow up with you on the topic of employee growth and
 development.  Thanks to EOTT's tuition reimbursement program, I will be
 completing my undergraduate degree this summer at UST (although I "walked"
 two weeks ago).  My degree is in General Studies (concentrations in
 Business Administration and International Studies).  I am graduating Summa
 Cum Laudeand received the Outstanding Graduate award in my degree program,
 along with honors in English, Philosophy and Adult Education.  I intend to
 start the MBA program at UST in Spring 2002.
 
 I would like to find a position within your organization where I can learn
 the business, provide value to the company as well as advance myself.  I
 mention that I am graduating with honors not to pat myself on the back but
 to impress upon you that I will apply the same focus and desire for
 excellence in any position I undertake.  Naturally, I would like to stay
 within the Enron companies not only because I have 7 years invested
 already, but because Enron is the place to work and grow.  I am open to any
 position where there is an opportunity for learn, grow and advance.  As
 with my studies, I find the more I become aware of and learn, the more I
 want to learn.  I know I could do a great job within an organization given
 the opportunity.
 
 Any advice or assistance in finding a position or internship would be
 greatly appreciated.
 
 Thank you,
 
 Autumn R. Cartier
 Executive Assistant
 EOTT Energy Corp.
 2000 W. Sam Houston Pkwy. S., Ste. 400
 Houston, TX  77042-3611
 (713) 993-5026 / BLP4453
 (713) 402-2801 (fax)