
 
 Thanks Mike.  Should have known you were in control of the situation.  By the way, how are you doing with all of this?
 
 
    Cc: Smith, Gary
  
 
 Stan - Gary had originally (and promptly) forwarded Al's question to Ann for assistance, and I believe Ann was able to satisfy Al by working through the 800 phone number. The problem was really in the inadequate number of qualified people who answer questions on benefits.    
  
 Al - If you are not satisfied with the help you received, please advise.
  
 Mike
 
  
    Cc: Smith, Gary 
  
 
 
 It seems we could be more responsive than this.  Gary, can you help. 
 
   
    Cc:     Horton, Stanley 
  
 Mike here is what I sent to Gary and the feedback I received. I would appreciate any help you can give me. 
  
    
  
 Gary, 
 
 We have been instructed to forward all Savings Plan questions to the Enron Corp. Savings Plan administrators at 800-332-7979, option 3, for the information requested.  To speak with a representative, please press *0 and wait on the line for a "live" person.  I'm sure they will be able to assist you. 
 
 Thanks, 
 Dinah Sultanik  
 
   
     
 Dinah...............can you help with the answers t Al's questions below?  If you send an answer to him direct, please copy both me and Gary Smith.  Thanks.......Ann
 
   
     
 Ann, 
 Al works in the South Sioux City office.  Please research the answers to his questions.  I'll respond to him and let him know we're working on it.
 
 Gary 
 
   
     
 Gary, I have a question and I can't seem to get a real good answer so I will ask you. 
 
 I have quite a lot of money in the stable asset fund that I am told I cannot get until I terminate. My question is this, Where is that money? Is it safe from all that is going on? is it with some other company in some type of trust? Is it safe from being used by the company officers? What happens to it if I survive the merger? What happens to it if bankruptcy occurs?
 
 Any help you can give me about this would be appreciated. 
 
 thanks    al 
