
 
 Changed as requested.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 	11/02/2000 02:10 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 Could you change paragraph iii at the end of Representations and Warranties
 to read:
 
 "(iii) its obligations to make payments hereunder are unsubordinated
 obligations and such payments are operating and maintenance costs which
 enjoy first priority of payment under the ordinances of the City of San
 Antonio which govern payments by Customer."
 
 There are no indentures to which CPS is a party.  Thanks ...
 
 
    Cc: Mc Whirter, Daniel D.
  
 
 Change the clause after "first priority payment" in (iii) to "under the
 ordinances of the City of San Antonio which govern payments by Customer."
 There are no indentures to which CPS is a party.  Jon
 
 
    Cc: Mc Whirter, Daniel D.
  
 
 Mr. Wood,
 
 As requested, Enfolio shortened and simplified the section on
 Representations and Warranties.  The new language is highlighted on page 2
 of the Appendix and states the following:
 
 "Further and with respect to Customer only, Customer represents and warrants
 to Company continuing throughout the term of this Agreement as follows: (i)
 all acts necessary to the valid execution and performance of this Agreement
 have been duly adopted, (ii) with respect to the contractual obligations
 hereunder and performance thereof, it is not entitled to claim immunity on
 the grounds of sovereignty or similar grounds with respect to itself or its
 revenues, (iii) its obligations to make payments hereunder are
 unsubordinated obligations and such payments are operating and maintenance
 costs which enjoy first priority of payment at all times under any and all
 indentures to which it is a party."
 
 Do you feel that this language is acceptable?  Thank you for your advice.
 
 

  
 
 
 Please review the revised representations and warranties language. If
 acceptable, please print 2 copies, sign and forward to Janet Wallis at
 Enron for execution by Enron and return of one fully executed copy.
 (See attached file: CITYPublicServiceSanAntonio.doc)
 
 
 
 
                     "Pfister,
 
                     Christian W."          

 

 

 
                     10/30/2000             

 
                                            with CPS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 If you could redraft the "representations and warranties" provision to be
 simpler and clearer, I think that we could agree to it.  The other items
 look fine.
 
 

  
 
 My reading is that Enron seeks a continuing representation that (i) all
 transactions have the appropriate approval, waiving any defense of lack of
 authority, (ii) there is no sovereign immunity (something is left out of
 thelanguage) defense to any transaction, (iii) payment for the gas will be
 first in the flow of funds, and (iv) the obligations are not subject to
 debt
 restrictions or other public funds restrictions of the Texas Constitution,
 statutes or CPS constituency documents.  I think we can legally make these
 representations and warranties, but the language needs some work.  You
 should ask them to redraft this provision so it is simpler and clearer.
 Jon
 
 
     
 
 Mr. Wood,
 
 This is a spot gas contract with Enron that you reviewed on August 8th for
 Mary Pelayo and Danny McWhirter.  Enron has added a paragraph under
 "Representations and Warranties" that I would like you to review.  I am not
 sure exactly what it means.  Thank you.
 
 
     
 
 Sounds like legal mumbo jumbo. I would advise getting John't input in case
 he is more familiar with the reasoning behind this jargon.
 
 Katherine S. Yates
 CPS Attorney
 353-2069
 
 
 
     
 
 Kathy,
 
 This spot gas contract was reviewed by Jon Wood a few months ago.  The
 following was added under "Representations and Warranties" by Enron.  I
 have
 highlighted the text in the attachment so you can see where it was
 incorporated (page 2 of Appendix 1).
 
 "Further and with respect to Customer only, Customer represents and
 warrants
 to Company continuing throughout the term of this Agreement as follows:
 (i)
 all acts necessary to the valid execution and performance of this Agreement
 have been duly adopted, (ii) with respect to the contractual obligations
 hereunder and performance thereof, it is not entitled to itself or its
 revenues or assets from (a) suit, (b) jurisdiction of court, (c) relief by
 way of injunction, order for specific performance or recovery of property,
 (d) attachment of assets or (e) execution or enforcement of any judgment,
 (iii) its obligations to make payments hereunder are unsubordinated
 obligations and such payments are operating and maintenance costs which
 enjoy first priority of payment at all times under any and all indentures
 to
 which it is a party, its constitutional and governing documents and
 applicable law, and (iv) its obligations to make payments hereunder do not
 constitute any kind of indebtedness of Customer or create any kind of lien
 on, or security interest in, any property or revenues of Customer which, in
 either case , is proscribed by any provision of its constitutional and
 governing documents, any order to judgment of any court or other agency of
 government applicable to it or its assets, or any contractual restriction
 binding on or affecting it or any of its assets."
 
 Do you think this is acceptable, or do you think I should show this added
 paragraph to Jon Wood?
 
 

  
 
 
 (See attached file: CITYPublicServiceSanAntonio.doc)
 
 Attached please find a revised Enfolio Contract with CPS.  The changes
       incorporated in the attached contract are:
 1)  "City Public Service (San Antonio)" has been changed to "The City of
       San Antonio, acting through City Public Service Board".
 2)  The effective date has been changed to "October 1, 2000.
 3)  The changes requested in items 1 and 2 of the addendum have been
       incorporated.
 4) The Utilization of Small Business Concerns language has been added as
       the last item in Appendix "1", and
 5)  An additional representation has been added at the end of the
       Representations and Warranties in Appendix "1" relating to the
       necessary authorizations with respect to the execution, delivery and
       performance by Customer of  this Agreement.
 
 If these changes are acceptable please advise and we will forward two
       original copies for execution.
 
