
 
 David,
 
 A clarification...
 
 On Ergon, Macxquarie Generation, Snowy and Citipower.  You say that they 
 should only trade Australian power and weather.  How about all the other 
 products, US, UK, Canadian physical and financial?  I am taking it literally 
 and not opening them up for ANY of the other products but those.  Is that a 
 correct interpretation?
 
 
 

 	07/25/2000 06:01 PM
 		


 		  
 Tana, thanks for expediting this Tana. The list for Australian weather is 
 fine. As I mentioned I will be following up with credit on the collateral 
 requirementsfor some counterparties. On Japanese weather I would suggest we 
 do not load up the following Ergon, Macquarie Generation and Snowy . These 
 are government power utilities and their ability to trade in products not 
 linked to their business is limited. Hence they should be only trading 
 Australian power and weather.
 
 Also I would ask that Citipower be restricted to Australian power and 
 weather. They are a Trust and the Trust Deed  grants the trustee the power to 
 trade devivatives to hedge its Australian power operations. I would like to 
 check this one out further.      
 
   
 
 




 Communications
  
  
 Below is a RUSH list that we need to approve by the end of the day.  From the 
 US, the only response I expect will be from Leslie, with all declines for 
 power.  I NEED TO HEAR FROM AUSTRALIA TODAY ON THEIR COUNTERPARTIES.
 ----- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 07/25/2000 09:49 AM -----
 
 	Frank L Davis
 	07/25/2000 08:15 AM
 		 

 		  		  
 
 	
 
 
 Attached below is a list of Australian and Japanese counterparties for the 
 Australian and Japanese weather launch.  As they are actually launching these 
 products this afternoon, your immediate attention would be GREATLY 
 appreciated.  Let me know of any potential conflicts ( other than the obvious 
 lack of time) and I will do what ever possible to help.
 
 Thanks for your extraordinary efforts!!!!!!
 
 Frank
  
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Frank L Davis/HOU/ECT on 07/25/2000 08:08 
 AM ---------------------------
    
 
 
  07/24/2000 06:25 PM	
 	
 	
 	                           
 	
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
