
 
 Each legal trading group here in Houston checks on a relevant counterparty's 
 ability to trade its products.  So far the only physical trading area where a 
 governmental counterparty appears to have problems is the power trading group 
 where there are licensing requirements that may or may not have been obtained 
 to trade power.  For financial trading we do have to inquire into the 
 relevant governmental entities' authority to enter into derivative 
 transactions.  In order to do that we look at statutory authority, any 
 relevant local regulations, investment policities, etc., in addition to 
 obtaining legal opinions on the subject, and with some counterparties hiring 
 outside counsel to advise us.  For most governmental entities if we do not 
 have an ISDA Master in place and have already done such due diligence, I will 
 not be approving them to trade financial products.
 
 As far as the financial test, for the US based counterparty list, I check 
 with Credit on every counterparty to determine whether they meet the US 
 eligible swap participant standards.  As I'm sure you know, for most plain 
 vanilla corporates and partnerships this means having total assets of $10mm 
 or a net worth of $1mm.  Pretty much, if I am turning down a counterparty to 
 trade financial it will be because they do not meet the ESP test or they are 
 a governmental or quasi-governmental entity.
 
 If what you are telling me is that the Australian counterparties have to meet 
 a $6mm asset test to trade any products, then I will add this to my daily 
 inquiry to Credit and turn down Australian counterparties if they do not meet 
 this test.  At your direction I will handle this in this manner.  How would 
 you like me to proceed?
  
 
 
 

 	08/16/2000 07:58 PM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Is this an incorporated entity? I assume its authority to trade a range of 
 products has been checked out? In Australia this assumption can not be made 
 for government  entities
 
 Under our licencing requirements we need to make reasonable enquiries that a 
 counterparty has (or is guaranted by someone who has) atleast USD6 million in 
 assets. Can this assumption be made?         
 
 
    
  
 Tauton is ok for all products, except for financial products (it can do 
 power).  David, when I talk about this I am never including credit 
 derivatives unless Credit specifically tells us in their spreadsheet that 
 this is a credit derivatives counterparty.
 
 
 

 	08/15/2000 05:32 PM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Tana what can the Taunton Municipal Light Plant trade? Is it the same as 
 Huntsville? 
 
 




 Communications
  
  
 
 ----- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 08/15/2000 01:35 PM -----
 
 	Bradley Diebner
 	08/14/2000 05:27 PM
 		 





 Contracts and Facilities, Enron Europe Global CounterParty, Stephanie 



 		  		  
 The EOL approvals for 08/14/00 are attached below.
 
 
 
 
 Regards,
 bd
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
