
 
 Per the email below, it appears to me physical gas should be traded only 
 under Nicor Gas Company and financial through the dba.  Do you agree?
 ----- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 08/17/2000 04:21 PM -----
 

 	08/17/2000 04:20 PM
 		




 		  
 Per my conversation with Nicor Gas Company's attorney, Northern Illinois Gas 
 Company changed its name to Nicor Gas Company. Therefore, Nicor Gas Company 
 is the only entity that all the deals needs to be booked under. However, the 
 attorney also agreed to the fact that they do use the name "Northern Illinois 
 Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company" eversince the name change happened. He 
 said they had been using both names "contractually" and interchangeably even 
 though it is all just ONE company, one state registered company.
 
 I'm currently waiting on name change documents, however this is what it looks 
 like thats going to happen:
 The main HQ company would end up being NICOR GAS COMPANY with all the 
 trades/contracts/deals being merged into one record. However, if need be we 
 could have a Tradename set up as "Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor 
 Gas Company" since this is how the company does business as, in some cases.
 
 Nicor's legal Dept could be reached at (630) 983-8676 for any further 
 clarifications in this matter.
 
 Adnan Patel
 Global Counterparty
 x58335
 
 
 

  
 There appears to be confusion over who and what products we should be trading 
 with these entities.
 
 We have an ISDA Master Agreement in place with Northern Illinois Gas Company 
 d/b/a Nicor Gas Company.  This is a new master.  If the counterparty is not 
 set up this way it need to be.
 
 Physical gas has a master in place with Northern Illinois Gas Company.
 
 There is no master agreement in place with Nicor Gas Company and the only 
 trading being done with this entity is online gas trading.
 
 The issue that needs to be resolved is whether we want to trade gas under 
 both Northern Illinois Gas Company and Nicor Gas Company.  Frank Davis will 
 resolve this issue with Tom Moran in Credit and Stacy Dickson with physical 
 gas Legal, and they will let us know who we should be trading with.
 
 When we hear back from them we can finally resolve what counterparty names we 
 want to set up and get back to the counterparty if we have not received the 
 correct Password Application to match out intended trading partners.
 
 Sorry for all the confusion this is causing.  I am confused too.
 
 
