
 
 Matt,
 
  As you may or may not know, I am the liason in Houston between the Online 
 Team and Legal, coordinating all responses for counterparty approvals for all 
 products.  I am asking because until recently I have not been approving 
 Singapore counterparties to trade any financial products.  It has been my 
 understanding that there are not problems for any counterparties trading 
 physical products.  I can continue my practice of not opening Singapore 
 incorporated counterparties to trade financial products online until I get a 
 real push from a counterparty that wants to trade financial.  Should that be 
 my continuing practice?
 
 
 
 	Matthias Lee
 	11/28/2000 07:38 PM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Hi Tana
 
 Trust you are well.
 
 OTC derivatives are not regulated in Singapore. The issue is whether a 
 particular product type may infringe gaming or insurance regulations. This is 
 particularly pertinent to Weather and Credit, for which I would need to 
 consult external counsel for definite answers. Is there a new commercial push 
 to do so at this time? We haven't any Weather and Credit traders here in 
 Singapore.
 
 As for metals, if they are exchange traded futures contracts (eg. London 
 Metals Exchange contracts), the trading of gold would be regulated.
 
 There is no category of counterparty that would be particularly problematic. 
 Capacity issues would be determined by each company's constitutional 
 documents.
 
 Hope this helps.
 
 Regards
 Matt  
 
 
    
  
 Matt,
 
 Can you let me know if the following products are approved for trading for 
 Singapore counterparties, and what restrictions, if any, they might have 
 (like the eligible swap participant rules in the U.S.):
 
 Commodity Derivatives (energy commodity, metals)
 Weather Derivatives
 Credit Derivatives
 
 Further, would there be any limitation for a Singapore counterparty to trade 
 any of the products we offer, physical or financial online?  I am going to 
 attach to this one of our recent excel spreadsheets showing all the products 
 we trade.
 
 Are there any counterparties that are problematic for derivatives in 
 Singapore?  For instance, here in the U.S., we flag governmental entities for 
 no trading until we have a master in place, or upfront due diligence required 
 before we can approve mutual funds or hedge funds, etc.  
 
 
 
 Thanks!
 
 
 
