
 
 Justin & Matt,
 
 Beth Cowan is a member here of the EnronOnline Marketing Team.  Her 
 Counterparty, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, would like to get an ISDA 
 Master Agreement in place with ECTRIC (per Beth, they don't like our form of 
 GTC).  We already have a Local Currency form in place with ENA, but 
 obviously, that would not be an appropriate form for London to use.  It is 
 also on our form of Schedule from 1996, which we wouldn't want to work off of 
 either.  In addition, I've checked the Confidentiality Provisions, and they 
 do not have affiliate language in that would allow me to provide a copy of 
 the agreement to you w/o counterparty's consent.  Saying all that, could you 
 please help Beth out...
 
 ----- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 12/05/2000 04:25 PM -----
 

 	12/05/2000 02:37 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Tana-
 
 Should I direct Anadarko's initial questions about the ISDA to you - they had 
 been directed to Edmund Cooper, but we would like to get them online to 
 transact and it sounds like they need the ISDA in place first.
 
 Thanks,
 Beth Cowan
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Beth Cowan/NA/Enron on 12/05/2000 02:34 
 PM ---------------------------
    
  
 Beth,
 
 Don was correct in that I handle matters dealing with physical hydrocarbons.
 
 However, Leslie Hansen of the Legal Department generally handles  GTC matters 
 for EOL. Please consult with her on the Marathon matter.
 
 Mark Taylor and his group in the Legal Department handle financial trading 
 and ISDA matters.
 
 I hope this is helpful.
 
 Please advise if you have any other questions.
 
 
 

 	11/14/2000 03:25 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Harry- 
 I have recently begun working on marketing EnronOnline to the crude 
 customers.  Don Schroeder told me you were the attorney who works with that 
 desk.  I have some questions that have arisen that I was hoping you could 
 answer. 
 
 Don said Marathon Ashland Petroleum had some legal issues that were 
 preventing them from trading online and I was hoping you could tell me where 
 they stand or if you have had any conversations with them.  
 
 Also, I spoke with Anadarko Petroleum Corporation and they want to do some 
 crude financial deals but do not have an ISDA in place with Enron Capital & 
 Trade International which is who he said he understood the contract needed to 
 be in place with because he has some problems with the GTC's - does he speak 
 with Edmund Cooper about those problems or should he address his concerns to 
 you?
 
 Thank You for your help,
 Beth Cowan
 
 
 
