
 
 If Susan's not at the Company anymore, how can she ask to be taken off the 
 list?
 
 
 

 	01/16/2001 01:40 PM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Hi Tana,
 
 You are already on the distribution.  I would only take your name off at your 
 own request.  Susan would also need to send me something in order to be taken 
 off the list. 
 
 Cheryl x33103 
 
 
    
  
 Cheryl,
 
 Please keep me on this list.  I need to get it because on EnronOnline.  
 Please take Susan Flynn off the list.  She is no longer in our group, and I'm 
 not sure if she's still with Enron.
 
 
 

 	01/16/2001 12:05 PM
 		 

















































































 		  		  
 Please find attached the Name Change/Merger Notification Report for January.  
 To launch the report, double click on the attachment and select Enable Macros 
 and Read Only.
 Please note that:
  ERMS short names will be changed in GCP and ERMS each Friday at 10am Central 
 Time, and 
  Inactivations will be made on Feb 1
 
 We have made a few changes to our Name Change/Merger Notification Report - it 
 now has a new look and a couple of features we hope will assist you.  For 
 more information, please click below:
 
 
 Each month now has two sheets, a summary sheet (eg Jan 01 Changes) and a 
 detailed sheet (eg Jan 01).
 Click below for more information:
 
 The summary sheet can be used to view all changes after a certain date.  If 
 you're aware of all changes up to, say, January 15th enter 01/16/2001 in cell 
 C6 of the Summary Sheet and click the Sort button in cell H6.  All changes 
 made to the report on or after January 16th will be listed automatically.
 The Summary sheet may also be sorted for certain criteria - use the drop down 
 arrows alongside the column headers to make your selection.
 
 This sheet contains all the information you are used to seeing, but slightly 
 reformatted.  Key points are: 
 In the case of an Inactivation, the cause of the Inactivation (eg Merger) is 
 listed in the Comments section
 As with the previous format, 
 all months' reports will be sent cumulatively throughout the year
 the report will be sent out twice each month, on the 15th and at the end of 
 the month.
 
 
 It is our aim to publish the report in Livelink and to send out only the 
 summary sheet and a URL for the detailed report each month.  This will save a 
 lot of space in Lotus Notes and we hope it will streamline your monitoring 
 process.
 
 We'd be very happy to receive any comments you may have.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
