
 
 Francisco,
 
 You should have gotten my email back to Justin.
 
  We have two sets of online customers coming thru, one set that originates 
 from Houston Credit and one set originates from London Credit.  We are 
 responsible for responding for Houston Credit based customers, and London 
 Legal for London based customers.
 
 A side issue to all of this is how we gather legal advice on trading around 
 the world.  We don't want to duplicate efforts and costs by having both 
 Houston and London Legal Departments requesting separate advice.  Our office 
 is responsible for legal advice in the Americas and Southeast Asia, while 
 London leads the efforts in Europe .  After we each receive advice we provide 
 copies and communicate to each other the advice received.  Even though we 
 both receive the same legal advice, sometimes we don't always agree on the 
 approach in a particular country, and at the end of the day, each Legal Dept. 
 is responsible for their own clients.
 
 As far as the advice on Mexico, Chile and Argentina, as I told Justin, the 
 advice I have received from the Houston lawyers is that although we can 
 transact financial products in these countries, we have certain legal risks 
 in doing so, and we need to do corporate due diligence to check their 
 appropriate corporate documents to see if they are allowed to do these, and 
 further, most of these counterparties have not filed consents to service of 
 process here in the U.S., which we require in order to trade with us.  Since 
 what these counterparties usually want to trade are physical products, we 
 don't waste our time doing the due diligence at this point.  If a 
 counterparty really wanted to trade financial we would spend the time 
 resolving those issues.
 
 As you become the responsible lawyer, first in Mexico, and maybe in the rest 
 of South America, you may have a different opinion on these issues and we can 
 certainly change our policies at any time.  All of the above is just what my 
 current direction is from our lawyers.
 
 
 
 

 	01/25/2001 08:34 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 I can answer this but my only question is whether we also "control" the 
 process when the Enron entity is a UK entity?
 
 FPL
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Francisco Pinto Leite/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 
 on 01/25/2001 08:42 AM ---------------------------

 
  
 Hi Francisco
 
 Just so that I can inform the rest of my team and the marketing people - why 
 is it that we require Masters with Mexican counterparties and not with 
 counterparties from other countries?  Would it make any difference if the 
 Enron Entity was in the UK like Enron Metals Limited rather than US?
 
 Does this apply for offline trading as well?
 
 Regards,
 Lara
 
 
   
  
 Justin:
 
  I am the "new" lawyer in charge of our financial trading operations in 
 Mexico.
 
 I am told that we do not trade financial with any Mexican counterparty 
 without going through our normal due diligence process.  At the end of the 
 day we need a Master in place with any Mexican counterparty with whom we 
 trade (financial) online or otherwise.  I checked and we do not have a Master 
 in place with this counterparty.
 
 FPL
 
 
 
 
 
