
 
 Will these instructions allow me to change the Credit people too?
 
 
 

 	02/13/2001 01:24 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Tana,
 
 Regretfully, I will no longer be able to submit Application Access Requests 
 for you.  Until now, I have submitted e-requests on your behalf, and I feel 
 that removing myself from this process will help to reduce turn-around times 
 on your requests, as they will no longer have to come through me.  Below, I 
 have included detailed instructions on how to submit an e-request for the 
 Financial Trading Agreements Database.  Going forward, I would be glad to 
 assist you if you have any questions (on the system and on submitting 
 e-requests).  
 
 Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause.
 
 Regards,
 Mike 3-3363
 
 e-request Instructions:
 
 1. from your web browser: pull up http://itcentral.enron.com <--or click this 
 link
 2. click on the "e-request" logo/link
 3. select "Corp Logon", you'll then be prompted for your corp login (the same 
 one you login with in the morning)
 4. then select "Add/Remove access..." under "Update Account Access"
 5. chose the user/requestee from the available list of users (and choose 
 appropriate priority)
 6. next, click the  "Applications" button (the one with gears on it)
 7. then click "show all"
 8. from this list, scroll down to "Lotus Notes Application - Unlisted" and 
 click the "+add" button
 9. In the box provided, list "Financial Trading Agreements" and also include 
 the group name - in this case "ECT Legal - Swap - Users"
 
  
     
 Can you get Peter Keohane and Greg Johnston, two attorneys in our Calgary 
 office, edit access to the Master Swap Agreement database.  Please let me 
 know when they have access.  Thanks!
 ----- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 02/13/2001 11:19 AM -----
 
 

 
 
 That would be good.  Peter.
 
 
     
 If you like, I can get you database access that will allow you to review the 
 comments between Legal & Credit.  We do not give this level of access to 
 non-Legal & Credit people because we are trying to limit certain information 
 for client-attorney privilege (not to mention the business people give away 
 our negotiating positions!).  If you would like this level of access, let me 
 know and I will put in a request.  This level of access will also give you 
 edit capability, so you need to be careful not to change things by mistake.
 
 
 
 
