
 
 Can someone call me at x33399.  I'm in the middle of doing these again and it 
 won't let me submit the form.
 
 
 

 	03/20/2001 01:08 PM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Good afternoon Ms. Jones,
 
 No request were found for Angela Davis, Linda Sietzema and Sharon Crawford; 
 if you have the request numbers, please provide them (sometimes eRequest will 
 not find the client by name).  The request for Marcus Nettelton appears OK.
 
 Have a nice day,
 Gary Sta. Maria
 
 
    
  
 I just did a request to get Angela Davis in the Houston Office and Linda 
 Sietzema and Sharon Crawford in the Calgary offices edit access to the 
 Financial Trading Agreement Database.  I also requested that Marcus Nettelton 
 get edit access to the ENA Legal Online Trading Database.  I'm not sure if I 
 did the "erequest" all ok.  Can you check to make sure your got all four?  
 Thanks!
 
 
 

 	02/27/2001 01:12 PM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Good afternoon,
 
 Please submit an eRequest for the access request (all 5-7 people can be 
 placed on one request).
 
 To view the Group members, please open the ECT Address book, click on Groups, 
 then double-click on the name of the group.  Please let us know if there are 
 any questions.
 
 
 Have a nice day,
 Gary Sta. Maria
 
 
    
  
 ECT HOU_LN1/ECT
 Legal\new_swp.nsf
 
 I will be having about 5-7 other people that I will need added to this 
 database.  Should I send these requests back directly to you, or do them 
 through the system as well?
 
 Also, there are two ways of getting edit access through this database.  One 
 is for employees of Legal, who can then enter Legal comments, and the other 
 is for employees of Credit, who can then enter Credit comments.  Do you see 
 that choice?  Is there some way for me to verify which employees of Legal and 
 which employees of Credit have what access?  I know that some employees of 
 Credit have Legal access by mistake.  Can I get lists of the Legal and Credit 
 breakdowns?
 
 
 

 	02/27/2001 11:17 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Good morning,
 
 Please provide the path to the Financial Trading Agreement database.  The 
 information can be found by right-clicking on the database icon, then 
 selecting Database properties.  The Server and File name will be under the 
 Basic tab.
 
 Have a nice day,
 Gary Sta. Maria
 Enron Messaging Security
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
