
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT on 02/04/2000 
 06:14 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 02/04/2000 04:12 PM
    
 I'm sure you have already heard this, but here is a summary.  Kim.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kimberly Watson/ET&S/Enron on 02/04/2000 
 04:11 PM ---------------------------
 ET & S Business Intelligence








































   
 El Paso, Enron Terminate $38 Million Mega-Deal
 
      In a stunning announcement late yesterday, El Paso Natural Gas said it 
 had reached a
      "mutual agreement" with Enron North America Corp. to terminate the $38 
 million
      negotiated mega-deal for 1.2 Bcf/d of capacity that the marketer had 
 entered into in
      December. The negotiated arrangement covers three separate capacity 
 agreements. 
 
      The decision to release Enron from the three capacity agreements was 
 somewhat
      puzzling, given that Enron last week had asked to be let out of only one 
 contract - the
      famed Block II agreement (614 MMcf/d) - due to the restrictions that 
 FERC had
      placed on the delivery rights of the capacity. In a Jan. 27 letter, 
 Enron notified El Paso
      of its intent to exit the Block II contract, but the letter didn't 
 indicate that it wanted to
      terminate the Blocks I and III contracts. See Daily GPI, Feb. 3) 
 
      "They asked for it [to be released] and we agreed to it. It was a mutual 
 agreement,"
      said El Paso spokesman Mel Scott. The capacity agreements will be 
 terminated on Jan.
      31. Afterward, El Paso said it will hold open season from Feb. 7 to Feb. 
 14 for the
      capacity. 
 
      "It is unfortunate that the recent FERC order modified the capacity 
 rights in a way that
      will not allow the capacity to serve the purpose that Enron North 
 America originally
      intended when they outbid the prearranged transactions. In the interest 
 of fairness and
      good customer relations, we have agreed to release them from the 
 contracts," said John
      W. Somerhalder II, president of El Paso Energy's Pipeline Group. 
 
      El Paso Natural Gas has asked FERC to reconsider the mid-January order 
 that
      essentially has reduced the commercial value of the Block II firm 
 transportation
      capacity that Enron had agreed to acquire. With the collapse of its 
 contract deal with
      Enron, it couldn't be immediately determined whether El Paso will 
 continue to pursue
      rehearing. 
 
      El Paso is seeking rehearing after being rebuffed by FERC in its request 
 to stay the
      provision in the order restricting delivery rights of Block II capacity. 
 
      The pipeline is seeking a reversal of a decision in which FERC said El 
 Paso's 1996
      turned-back capacity settlement bars El Paso from marketing Block II 
 capacity on a
      primary basis to any delivery point other than the one at Pacific Gas &
      Electric-Topock, AZ. That ruling stripped the Block II capacity of 
 primary delivery
      access to the Southern California Gas-Topock delivery point, which is 
 the most
      sought-after by shippers of San Juan Basin gas. 
 
      It was a major blow to El Paso and Enron, which had contracted for the 
 Block II
      capacity in December on the condition that it would have primary 
 delivery access to the
      Southern California market.. 
 
      Without a favorable decision on rehearing, "the result may well be a 
 diminution of the
      value of Block II capacity," El Paso told FERC. "Without question, 
 Enron, as a new
      shipper on the capacity" and future holders of that capacity "will 
 suffer a disadvantage in
      the market...." 
 
      El Paso contends the Commission's ruling, if unchanged, would thwart the 
 intent of the
      1996 settlement, which called for the pipeline and its customers to 
 share the risks of
      unsubscribed capacity on El Paso's system, and for El Paso to share a 
 portion of the
      revenues it received from re-marketing the capacity. 
 
      "An essential element in El Paso's ability to maximize the revenues it 
 agreed to share
      with its firm customers was the ability to market the 614 MMcf/d of 
 Block II capacity
      on a primary basis to delivery points other than PG&E-Topock," the 
 pipeline noted.
      Stripping El Paso of delivery-point flexibility for Block II capacity 
 "will have a serious
      adverse impact on [its] ability to generate the maximum possible 
 revenues for its
      capacity and thereby recover the costs it and its customers would 
 otherwise have to
      absorb." 
 
      El Paso further said the Commission's decision was at odds with a 1998 
 order
      addressing whether the pipeline could re-market capacity turned back by 
 PG&E to the
      SoCal-Topock delivery point on a primary basis. Since the 1996 
 settlement was silent
      on whether El Paso could re-market the capacity to delivery points other 
 than
      PG&E-Topock, the Commission reasoned the settlement didn't preclude El 
 Paso from
      selling the capacity at SoCal-Topock. 
 
      "That ruling established the proper interpretation of the 1996 
 settlement. Now, the
      Commission has re-interpreted that same provision in a manner that is 
 completely
      contrary to its previous ruling. The Commission provides no explanation 
 as to how
      these two rulings can be reconciled or, alternatively, why it has 
 changed its mind...." 
 
      El Paso said it was also seeking rehearing because it "cannot find any 
 evidence" in the
      mid-January order that the Commission "even read, much less considered" 
 its response
      as to the "proper interpretation" of the1996 settlement. 
 
 
