
 
 FYI
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Eric Bass/HOU/ECT on 03/29/2000 07:38 AM 
 ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 




  
 Just so everyone is on the same page:
 
 Based on Jennifer and Dale's discussions with Eric Bass, a new "tokenized 
 period" will be set up in EOL.  The intent of this period (quick overview) is 
 to allow for gas flow Monday through Friday and no flow on the weekends.  
 This will generally be traded for in full month or rest of the month 
 increments.
 
 It is my understanding the although the trade can be conveyed correctly to 
 the customer and priced accordingly using EOL, the trade itself (with 
 Multiple Monday - Friday, no flow during weekend periods) cannot be handled 
 internally by EOL.  Just as EOL is not able to handle this trade, the Sitara 
 bridge from EOL cannot handle this trade.  Because of this, there should be 
 heighten attention by Trade Capture given to the EOL Bridge monitor.  These 
 trades will error out and will have to be entered manually.
 
 An effort needs to be evaluated and prioritized by both applications (EOL and 
 Sitara) on how a deal with multi-periods can flow without human 
 intervention.  This has not been started.  In the meantime, a deal of this 
 nature will have to be entered manually.
 
 How do I know that a particular deal has multi-period flow?  Once the EOL 
 product has been set up, Jennifer and/or Dale will let all involved know.  
 The person(s) responsible for entering the deal will have to understand what 
 is meant by the EOL product's delivery period and enter the deal 
 accordingly.  
 
 For example, assume that a deal has been traded for April:
 
   Four delivery periods (separate lines) should be included in the Sitara 
 ticket
   
   Start: 04/03 Stop: 04/07
    04/10  04/14
    04/17  04/21
    04/24  04/28 
   
  Each delivery period (line) should have the same pricing
 
  Remember to enter the EOL deal number when creating the Sitara trade.
 
  Also remember that paths created in Unify assume the stop date is open 
 ended.  Every effort needs to be made to make sure the appropriate end date 
 is on the path; otherwise
  the number of reconciling items will increase.
 
 Please forward this information to anyone else you think might be impacted.
 
 Any concerns, please contact Sheri Thomas or myself.
 
 SRM (x33548) 
