
 
 Molly,
  
 I don't see how we can hire anybody under the circumstances.
 The main objectives is to protect the employees
 we already have on the payroll.
  
 Vince
 
     
 
 Vince:  I spent some time talking with this candidate last week at the National Society of Hispanic MBAs, and was very impressed with him.   I don't know what hiring (if any) you are contemplating under our present circumstances, but wanted to pass his resume along to you.  I will also send it to Maureen and Gwen to see if they are interested.
  
 Hope all is well with you and the rest of your group.  Please let me know if you need me to do anything for you.
  
 Molly
  
   
     
 
 
 Marcos A. Tapia
 
 
 CPU Box 276183, Rochester, New York 14627 ? (716) 271 - 0934
 

  
  
  
 November 8, 2001
  
  
 Ms. Molly Magee
 Human Resources Manager
 Enron North America
 1400 Smith Street
 Houston, TX 77002 
  
 Dear Ms. Magee:
  
 It was a great pleasure to meet you at the NSHMBA Career Fair in San Antonio, Texas and to learn more about employment opportunities at Enron. Our conversation reinforced my desire to join Enron's Associate Program. I am positive that my strong analytical skills, specific knowledge of industry regulation and working experience overseas, particularly in the energy sector would be great assets to your organization. 
  
 As I mentioned to you during the conference, through my career and during my MBA studies at the Simon School (University of Rochester) and the London School of Economics (LSE), where I earned a MS in Industry Regulation, I have gained strong analytical skills and an excellent understanding of the global trends in the energy sector, especially of those related to the deregulation of the industry. Furthermore, working as an economist at the Vice-Ministry of the Treasury in Bolivia allowed me to gain hands-on experience in quantitative and financial analysis. These experiences have been complemented by my recent summer internship with British Petroleum (BP) Latin America where I was responsible for developing a valuation model to determine the acquisition price of a liquefied petroleum gas distributing company. As a result, I was directly exposed to the extraordinary prospects of the energy sector and to the expectations and needs of energy companies. 
  
 My current studies at the Simon School have also helped me further develop my finance and communication skills, which are essential for a position with Enron. I am confident I will be able to contribute positively to your organizations success. I would appreciate the opportunity to further discuss how my professional qualifications and personal qualities fit Enron present activities and its plans for the future. If you have any questions or would like to discuss any specific related to my credentials, please do not hesitate to contact me to the following telephone number: (716) 271 0934.
  
 Sincerely,
  
  
  
 Marcos A. Tapia     
  
 Ecl. Resume
  
  