
 
 
 Norman,
 
 Thanks for your message. I treat the Monday 
 meeting as the opportunity to introduce Enron to Prediction
 Company and to inform you about Enron's trading operation
 and especially about our electronic trading platforms.
 The exchange of information will hopefully lead to future 
 collaboration. We are especially interested in working with
 you on improving the algorithms that support our electronic market
 making functions (automatic adjustments of the price levels and/or bid-offer
 spreads to the changing market conditions). My group has currently
 a research project under way to explore the possibility of taking advantage
 of some recent developments in the market microstructure theory in our operations.
 
 I think that we can definitely collaborate in the energy and other commodity markets
 and we can explore other possibilities as well. Given the exploratory character
 of the first meeting, it probably makes sense if Prediction Company 
 participation is limited to you and Jim. We shall, of course, be glad to meet
 with other associates that you may decide to bring to Houston with you. We shall be also
 glad to visit your company if we both decide to continue our discussions after the first meeting.
 
 Enron side will be represented by Greg Whalley,  President & COO of Enron Wholesale Services,
 and myself. We expect John Lavorato, a member of EWS senior executive team, and
 my colleague from London, Dr. Steve Leppard, to join us. Shirley is forwarding the agenda and some
 additional information to you tonight.
 

 (281) 367 5377. My cell phone number is (713) 410 5396. I look forward to meeting
 you on Sunday.
 
 Vince Kaminski
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 FYI!
 
 
 
 
    Cc: Crenshaw, Shirley
  
 
 
 
 Vince,
 
 I wanted to clear up a few points about the meeting next Monday, to make it
 as efficient as possible.
 
 Re. Scope:
 
 We are particularly interested in hearing your vision of how Prediction
 Company might be able to contribute to your electronic market business.  In
 doing some background reading on the niche of electronic energy markets, we
 can imagine various roles we might play, but we need a more concrete vision
 from you to anchor our thoughts.
 
 If you have other major issues to cover, you could let us know, and it might
 shape the roster of participants from our side.
 
 
 Re. Participants:
 
 On your side, Shirley has indicated two people, you and Greg Whalley (for at
 least part of the meeting?).
 
 Definite participants from our side are:
 - Norman Packard (me) CEO.
 - Jim Nusbaum, CTO, also directing new business exploration.
 
 We could consider bringing others, depending on where we expect the
 discussion to go, e.g. deeply into research issues or deeply into business
 issues.  Do you have a suggestion here?
 
 
 Re. Agenda:
 
 Agenda contributions from our side could be:
 
 NP:  Overview of Prediction Company, history, business model, contractual
 situation, finances.  If desirable, I could also provide an overview of
 research.
 
 JN:  Overview of Prediction Company's existing technology, future
 directions, and development potential
 
 
 Re. schedule:
 
 I will definitely be in town to meet with you for dinner Sunday evening,
 7:30 at Brennan's.  I will touch base with others re. fitting Sunday dinner
 into their schedules, and confirm with Shirley.  We assume the same plan for
 the meeting Monday morning, 9:00 at your offices on 1400 Smith St.
 
 Thanks again for stimulating this meeting!
 
     Best regards,
     Norman
 
 PS  Shirley: thanks for sending the CD.
