
 
 Sheridan,
 
 I am aware of the duplicate check problem and I owe you phone call 
 about this. I am still trying to mobilize internal support for the valuation 
 study we discussed at San Antonio. Mark Ruane whom you met, moved on
 to a new job and his successor is a bit skeptical about the need for a study.
 Internal Enron  perception is that we understand the process of decision making
 inside big  financial institutions (or lack of it), especially in the energy area,
 regarding valuation of investment projects. Any study would just reveal what we
 already understand about quite simplistic tools they use: DCF with a discount
 rate being subject to negotiations within a very broad band of potential
 values.
 
 It will help if I get the agenda of the conference  soon to pass it on to Jeff Skilling. It would
 also help if you could write a formal letter to him.
 
 
 Vince
 
 
  
     
 Dear Vince:
 
 That is great news that Jeffrey Skilling will be speaking at our
 conference.  By getting Skillings involvement we should be able to increase
 the quality of the conference by at least a few notches.
 
 By the way, Shirley may have mentioned to you that I somehow received two
 checks for the work I did last spring.  I went off to Hong Kong this summer
 and didn't follow up on this other than to mention it to Shirley before I
 left. (I just got back last Friday.) Shirley left me a phone message to
 mail the check back to her.  If you can email Shirley's last name and
 mailing address to me I'll send her the check.  Also, if you are interested
 in having me do some work on the valuation issues we discussed at the Texas
 Finance Festival please let me know.
 
 One more thing:  The university that I'm affliliated with in Hong Kong
 (HKUST) just hired a new president, Paul Chu, who is from Houston and has
 some sort of relationship with Ken Lay.  The Dean at the HKUST business
 school mentioned that Paul Chu was meeting with Ken Lay this summer and
 would discuss possible avenues of collaboration.  If you can think of
 anything that you would be interested in let me know and I can discuss it
 with the Dean.
 
 I hope you are having a great summer and look forward to seeing you when
 you come to Austin this fall for our energy finance class and in February
 for the conference.
 
 regards,
 
 Sheridan
 Sheridan Titman
 Department of Finance
 College of Business Administration
 University of Texas
 Austin, Texas 78712-1179
 
 512-232-2787 (phone)
 512-471-5073 (fax)
 
