
 
 Frank,
 
 I looked at your resume. There is no good fit with my group.
 I have forwarded your resume to 2 different units of Enron
 (Enron Industrial Markets) and Enron Networks. They may be interested in your skills.
 
 
 Vince Kaminski
 
  
     
 
 Vince:
  
 It was a pleasure talking with you a few moments  ago.  As discussed, please find attached my resume in Word.  For your  convenience, I also copied a plain text version at the bottom of this  e-mail.
  
 I would appreciate the opportunity to briefly visit  with you at your convenience to learn more about the energy industry and  where I should further seek to identify opportunities.
  
 The easiest way to reach me is at 281-531-7990 or  by return e-mail.
  
 Thank you!
  
 Frank Bogaert
 
 FRANK M. BOGAERT
 14423 Twisted Oak  Lane
 Houston, Texas 77079

  
 SUMMARY
  
 Business Analysis Manager
 * Quantitative  analysis and modeling of business economics
 * Strategic implications and  opportunities
 * Hands-on team leader
  
 ACCOMPLISHMENTS
  
 Industry Structure and Forecasting
 * Developed a  quantitative model predicting long-term natural
   gas prices for a major  oil company, and later for the
   consulting firm's marketing  efforts.  In the early nineties,
   model correctly predicted price  increases to oil parity by
   around the year 2000.
 * Documented the  changing structure of the office furniture
   industry.  Formulated  strategy to regain profitable growth.
  
 Financial and Operational Modeling of Asset  Deployment Decisions
 * Based on the interaction of logistics and  manufacturing
   economics and market research, developed business  strategy
   for a leading insulation manufacturer.  Early results  allowed
   maintaining both price and volume in the down cycle of  
   commodity market.  
 * Validated strategy of leading  automotive aftermarket
   manufacturer based on distribution  economics.  Validated
   economic model with top  management.
  
 Supply Chain Improvement
 * Led the inventory  management function through the integration
   of a major automotive  aftermarket distributor acquisition,
   involving consolidation of two  warehouse networks and multiple
   line changeovers.  Reduced  inventories by $30 million while
   improving fill rates.
 * Led the  inventory management function in the improvement of
   shipping  performance, resulting in an additional profit of
   $5 million per  year.
 * Improved the integration of suppliers and other functions  in
   the overall supply chain.
  
 Process Redesign
 * Led client teams through the  fundamental redesign of financial
   processes, typically identifying  cost reduction opportunities
   of 20% to 50%.
 * Implemented variety  of business processes and controls:
   production scheduling, financial  and cost accounting, sales
   and pricing policies, project  documentation. 
  
 WORK HISTORY
  
 PROFESSIONAL SIGNWORX, Houston,  Texas 1997-2001
 A manufacturer and erector of custom  signage
 President
  
 APS, Houston, Texas 1996-1997
 A major  automotive aftermarket distributor
 Senior Director of Supply Chain  Management
  
 FEDERAL-MOGUL, Southfield,  Michigan 1993-1995
 A global automotive parts company
 Director of  Logistics
  
 THE HACKETT GROUP, Hudson, Ohio 1992-1993
 A  process re-engineering consulting firm
 Senior Consultant
  
 BOOZ-ALLEN & HAMILTON, Cleveland,  Ohio 1985-1992
 A global management consulting firm
 Associate, Senior  Associate, Principal
  
 CEGI-TYMSHARE, Paris, France 1980-1982
 The  French subsidiary of a US time sharing computer company
 Applications Software  Engineer
  
 MILITARY
  
 Belgian Army, First Grenadiers Regiment, Soest,  Germany,
 Second Lieutenant, 1982-1983.
  
 EDUCATION
  
 MSIA (MBA), Carnegie-Mellon University, Pittsburgh,  
 Pennsylvania, 1985
  
 MS-Engineering Degree in Computer Science,  Katholieke 
 Universiteit Leuven, Leuven, Belgium, 1980
  
 Languages:  English, Dutch, and  French.
  
  
  - FMBRF.doc << File: FMBRF.doc >> 