
 
 Hello Christie,
 
 
 It makes sense to invite somebody from EIM (Ray Bowen?) to the luncheon.
 
 By the way, what is the location?
 
 Vince
 
  
    Cc:	Kaminski, Vince J; Lebeau, Paul
  Importance:	High
 
 Hi all!
 
 First,  the lunch this week is about Enron's partici[pation in the Wharton e Business Initiative (WeBI)--we joined this past year and are engaged in a four year committment ($250,000/yr)  The attendees from Wharton are Prof Raffi Amit, WeBI Director and Professor of  Entrepeneurship;  and Lee Goldring, another WeBI Director. The purpose of the meeting is for a formal presentation about WeBI to engage appropriate Enron business units in the benefits of our more active participation as WeBI members.  I'm not aware that Tom will be here--I believe he was here Monday (I was travelling) ; He told me he'd be in Austin Tuesday and then back to Philly.
 
 As to the Business Plan Competition--please check with Paul LeBeau in A/A recruiting.  It's true that Enron did participate last year.  I reviewed business plans and participated as a judge, along with Barbara Page from (then) Enron Investment Partners. Paul LeBeau and I have discussed the experience and my cost/benefit analysis of the experience with regard to Enron.  He and his group will decide whether to invest in this for 2002.
 
 Let me know if you have any other questions!
 
 Thanks!
 
 --Christie.
 
 
  
    Cc:	Kaminski, Vince J; Patrick, Christie; Lebeau, Paul
  
 I'm available and would love to finally meet Tom.  Christie - do you know anything about our sponsorship of the Wharton Business Plan Competition.  It was mentioned in their alumni magazine and wanted to see if we just send money or if we also send some people.  I'd like to be involved with that going forward if possible.
 
 Michele Nezi Marvin
 Enron Principal Investments
 713.853.6848
 
 
  
    Cc:	Kaminski, Vince J; Patrick, Christie
  
 Michele,
 
 Vince mentioned that Tom Piazzi and a Wharton group is in the Enron building this week, discussing executive education and other Wharton products.  There is a lunch on Wednesday that Christy Patrick is arranging to which Vince suggested we go.  I am out on Wednesday and Thursday.  Are you available?
 
 EB    