
 
 Mike,
 
 Yes, let's move ASAP.
 
 
 Vince
 
 
  
     
 Vince,
 
 check out the sentence I bolded and underlined
 
 shall I proceed with MIT/IBM etc?
 
 Mike
 
  
     
 
 
 ----------
     Auto forwarded by a Rule
 
 
 
  
     
 To All:
 
 Please mark your calendars for 26 September between 10 and about 11:30 a.m., as we willl be having
 a special visitor from Northwest Research Associates who will deliver a presentation on the North
 Atlantic/Arctic Oscillation (NAO/AO) and Sudden Stratospheric Warmings.  I encourage each of you
 to attend, as this will be a very informative and worthwhile seminar.  
 
 Mark, along with other noted researchers at the University of Washington, Colorado State University, and
 the ECWMF in Redding, are beginining to unravel some of the vagaries of the NAO/AO and to develop the
 necessary tools to predict wintertime temperature and precipitation weeks ahead of time. I have asked
 Mark to start from scratch and spend some time on fairly rudimentary concepts pertaining to the NAO/AO
 and Sudden Stratoshperic Warmings.  He then will build up to his research and discuss where he thinks 
 short-term progress can be made in terms of skillful wintertime temperature and precipitation predictions. 
 Although many of you sat in on my NAO presentation from early this year, I can guarantee you that 
 attending his talk will be worth your while. 
 
 Mark's main focus will be to elaborate on what diagnostic tools and modeling schemes can be used to 
 anticipate certain extreme phases of the NAO/AO and the likelihood of Sudden Stratospheric Warmings. These 
 can, in turn, be used to something about the probability of cold air outbreaks or heavy snow episodes over parts 
 of North America and perhaps parts of the world (for example).
 
 In the end, Joe and I plan to take Mark to lunch to discuss a possible research collaboration between him/ECWMF 
 and ENRON. 
 
 I will provide the conference room number and any additional information as we get closer to 26 September.
 
 
 Todd 
