
 
 Jeff,
 
 I will talk to Dan and Brad Romine about it tomorrow.
 I shall be out on Monday (recruiting at UT); I should be able
 to close the loop by Tuesday.
 
 Vince
 
 
 
     
 
 Let's do something in transportation, around Dan Reck's group.  Vince, will you follow up with Dan?  Thanks.  Jeff
 
 
     Importance: High
 
 
 Hello,
 
 This is just a friendly reminder that the Tiger Team Topic is due by September 14th.  Let me know if you have any questions or need help.
 
 Thanks -=- Paul L.
 
 
    Cc: FAP
  Importance: High
 
 
 
 Dear Tiger Team Hosts 2002:
 Thank you for your interest and commitment to participate in Wharton's Field
 Application Project.  With your help, we continue to expand the diversity of
 our host representatives. We especially thank those returning hosts, whose
 feedback was responsible for several program design changes which we believe
 will improve the program. Our goal is to continue to build our partnerships
 and to together create changes that benefit all. Feel free to call upon me
 to discuss any aspect of the program or special needs. 
 As a next step in the process, I am asking that you submit, by email, your
 project proposals no later then September 14, 2001

 detailed, we just need to know what you are considering. We ask for
 proposals at this early date because some hosts have expressed the desire to
 get faculty involved early in the process. We think that is a good idea so
 faculty will begin to review the proposals in September. This will allow
 faculty to get involved earlier in the process and the final project scope
 will be more of a host/faculty collaboration. 
 As a reminder, projects should be cross-functional in nature with 3, if not
 4 of the business function areas; finance, accounting, operations,
 marketing, management and strategy. Because of the more integrative nature
 of Tiger Teams,  projects should have strategic implications. Faculty will
 happily assist hosts in developing these project aspects. 
 To ensure that the projects yield significant benefits for all participants,
 we ask hosts to appoint at least one on-site contact person to help define
 the project objectives, interact with the faculty and student team
 representatives. 
 Our tentative FAP calendar can be reviewed at the website:
 http://fap.wharton.upenn.edu/TigerHost/tiger_host_overview.htm  If there are
 only particular dates for which the host representatives are available to
 come to campus for the Kick-Off, Mid-Project Review and Final Presentations,
 please schedule them as soon as possible, as they will be done on a
 first-come, first serve basis.
 Feel free to contact us should you have any questions. We look forward to
 working with you. Again, thank you for your support of the Wharton School.
 
 Best Regards,
 
 Donna Piazze
 Program Director
 Field Application Project
 The Wharton School
 University of Pennsylvania 
 215.573.8394   fax 215.573.5727


 
