
 
 
 
  
     
 
 			
  	[IMAGE]	portal.erisk.com 	
 		What's New at ERisk.com - 07 December 2001	
 
 
 		
 Weekly Review	In this week's round-up   of economic, banking and insurance industry news from an enterprise risk  management perspective: US stocks finally enjoy a tech-led rally; Enron's  bankruptcy opens up new questions on audit as banks count up their exposures;  the Fed reassures on systemic risk; Merrill Lynch settles with Unilever;  AIG's Greenberg warns on terrorism coverage; Equitas ups reserves to  cope with asbestos claims.	
 Analysis 	 Rates  for property & casualty (P&C) insurance have hardened dramatically  since September 11, and terrorism coverage is likely to be excluded from  many policies from early next year. Is this the opportunity   that alternative risk transfer (ART) needs to take root in the market?  Or are potential clients still wary of applying capital markets techniques  to what have traditionally been seen as insurable risks? 	
 iConference	Our  next iConference, "Selecting and Evaluating Credit Risk Models",  takes place on December 11 at 1200 Eastern Time (1700 GMT). Craig Friedman  and Robert Cangemi of Standard & Poor's will present a strategic view  of the main issues for senior managers and offer the latest thinking on  some quantitative pitfalls. Sponsored by ICICIresearchcentre.org ,  this free, hour-long event is essential for anyone charged with selecting  a credit risk methodology. Click here   to register.	
 Feature	As  Enron's experience testifies, killer risks can slip through even a sophisticated  enterprise risk management programme. As Alan McNee finds in our latest  feature ,  "Who Watches The Watchmen?", tightening the net involves looking  again at the roles of risk management and internal audit.  Still available: "Risk  Management in the Digital Age" , by Rick Davis of DigitalRisk Advisors	
 Bookstore	Our featured book   this month is "The Chastening: Inside The Crisis that Rocked the Global  Financial System and Humbled the IMF" by Paul Blustein. Washington  Post writer Blustein looks at the inner workings of the regulators of  the international monetary system during the 1997-8 financial crisis in  the Far East that later spread around the world. And it isn't pretty reading.   Still available: November's featured book ,  "Operational Risk - Measurement and Modelling", by Jack L.King,  and October's featured book ,  "Fooled by Randomness", by Nassim Nicholas Taleb	
 
 
 			
 			
 			


 
 [IMAGE]