
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT on 04/19/2001 
 04:28 PM ---------------------------



  
 Hi again,
 
  As, I stated is a prior emails, the contact details for the RiskCalc folks 
 are as follows:
 
 1.  Marc Brammer
 Director of Strategic Sales
 tel:  800.523.2627, x5706

 
 2. Neal Clark
 Vice President
 Tel:  800.523.2627, x5701

 
  Neal said that he would be willing to set up a meeting between us and their 
 quants to better understand their model, the various inputs and whether or 
 not the model can be tweaked for less than the 17 specified inputs.
 
  Let me know if you guys wish to have Neal set up a conference between 
 Moody's quants and Enron folks in Houston and London.
 
 
 Ciao,
 Iris
 
 
  
    Cc: Chaney, Craig; Mumford, Mike; Kirkpatrick, Eric; Brent, Richard; Parsons, 
 Ben; Albanis, George
  
 Iris/Amitava,
 
 I may have already said this, but we've had so many e-mails and telephone 
 calls flying back and forth that I wanted to make sure I at least got this 
 much out to you.  Clearly, I would like you to set up the meeting with the 
 RiskCalc gurus to dig deeper into their methodology (as much as they'll tell) 
 and the impact of missing variables and any other idiosyncracies the model 
 may have.  Also try to get a better feel for how well they think the model 
 extends to other countries.  I know from a previous conversation with Lea 
 Carty and reading about the model that it was calibrated off North American 
 names but they suspect it might extend to other countries.  Conversely, I 
 know they are working efforts within Moody's Risk Management Services to 
 develop private (and probably public) firm models specific to regions.  One 
 they mentioned was Australia and also within Western Europe.  Data, as 
 always, was the issue.  See if the quants have any perspective on their 
 success/plan in that area.
 
 Lastly, we truly appreciate the aggressive efforts you both have made toward 
 pushing off this private model initiative and I'm very confident we'll be 
 able to nail a firm plan down upon receipt of either D&B and/or Experian data.
 
 Cheers,
 Scott
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Scott Salmon/EU/Enron on 19/04/2001 20:51 
 ---------------------------
 
 

 19/04/2001 17:55
   
  
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mike Mumford/LON/ECT on 19/04/2001 17:59 
 ---------------------------
    
  
 Hi,
 
  Two RiskCalc sales people made a presentation this week about their product.
 
  They stated that they could set up a meeting with their quants and our 
 people to discuss the model input and what happens if we have less than 17 
 inputs.
 
  
 Regards,
 Iris
 
  
     
 Ooops... part II.
 
 I just threw out 12 as a number for something we might develop... it's really 
 not based on anything.  We know 17 will work for pre-packaged programs.  We 
 also know there will be a great number of names with less than the full 17... 
 I assume we would pursue another model (internal or external) to provide 
 probably less accurate numbers but at least available for names with fewer 
 inputs.  
 
 Mike
 
 
 
 
 

 
  
 Hi Mike,
 
  Thanks for your email.
 
  What do you mean by "buying blind  all major data associated with these 
 specific DUNS numbers"?
 
  I am puzzled about why you would be looking at 17 vs 12 fields.  I know 
 RiskCalc requires 17 inputs and seem to apply that the model does not work 
 for less than 17.  Yesterday the RiskCalc sales people could not guarantte 
 that their model would work for less than the required 17 data inputs.  They 
 suggested that this would be a question to direct towards their quants who 
 developed the model.
 
 Regards,
 Iris
 
  
    Cc: Dhar, Amitava; Salmon, Scott; Kirkpatrick, Eric
  
 Iris,
 
 Thanks.
 
 After our meeting we stuck around to discuss things a little further.
 
 Specifically with respect to global counterparty names... we have DUNS 
 cross-references on about 70 of active names (13k out of 18.5k).  We could 
 greatly accellerate purchase of some useful data by buying blind all major 
 data associated with these specific DUNS numbers.
 
 Pro  -  Data gets in on names we know we want to review ASAP, but without 
 resolution on which specific fields are most useful.  We also get to test for 
 completeness of data (how many have all 17 fields... how many have only 12 of 
 which fields, etc.).
 
 Con  -  Costs could be significantly higher... buying info we don't know we 
 need (converse of buying only the 17 fields doesn't seem best answer).  We 
 would end up buying additional info later... overhead costs and piecemeal 
 buying will increase costs.  IT development time would be greatly 
 increased... multiple file formats... developing to unknown maximum size, 
 etc.... redoing when more data is purchased.
 
 
 Any thoughts.
 
 
 
 Mike
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
