
 
 Damon,
 
 I am in London this week. Please, call me at 713 853 3848 next week, starting 
 Thu.
 
 Vince
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
 Mr. Kaminski;
 
  I am a Research Associate at Meridien Research
 (www.meridien-research.com) in the greater Boston Area. We specialize in the
 reporting and analysis of technology in the financial service industry.  I
 work in the Risk and Trading Group.
  Currently I am working on a report on Energy Risk Applications.  I
 introduced myself to Mr. Scott Neal who informed me that I should contact
 you (see below). I would like to spend some time talking to you about
 Enron's risk management for energy trading.  And if possible, I would like
 to be able to include Enron in my report since they are the global leader in
 Energy.
  If it is possible, I would like to talk this week.  My calendar is
 pretty open so whenever you would like to talk.  I think the conversation
 should take about 45 minutes to an hour.  If you would like a list of
 questions, I would be more than happy to provide them.

  I look forward to talking to you,
 
 Cheers,
 
 Damon Kovelsky
 Research Associate
 Emerging Trading Technologies and Risk Management
 Meridien Research

 617-796-2830
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 I believe Vince Kaminski could possibly be of assistance in this matter.
 
 
 
 

 
  cc:
  
 
 Mr. Neal,
 
      I wrote you last week a request to spend some time talking to you
 about Enron's Energy Risk Management for a report I am writing on energy
 risk management applications.  I understand that you are a busy man, but I
 would just like a half hour to talk.  If you would like a list of
 questions,
 I would be happy to provide them.
      This conversation does not have to be on the record if you don't
 want it to.  The main purpose for my enquiry is to understand how energy
 risk applications are being used "on the ground".  I would like to be able
 to write about Enron, but it is not required.
      I look forward to hearing from you.
 
 Cheers,
 
 Damon Kovelsky
 Research Associate
 Emerging Trading Technologies and Risk Management
 Meridien Research

 617-796-2830
 
 
 
 
 
 
