
 
 Thanks for the invite. I would suggest Jean Ryall - who heads our Texas 
 government/regulatory affairs team.  She is certainly more familiar with the 
 details (of which there will be many more after this legislative session and 
 the conclusion of the pilot program).  She is also a very good speaker (and 
 can probably relate a few war stories to spice things up).
 
 
    
  
 Steve,
 
 I am a member of Beta Gamma Sigma (BGS), the honor society for business 
 programs accredited by AASCB - The International Association for Management 
 Education.  If you are not familiar with BGS, a member must be in the upper 
 5% of their class as a junior and the upper 10% as a senior and in graduate 
 school to be nominated for induction into the society.
 
 In an effort to provide additional programs and benefits to alumni members, 
 alumni chapters are being developed around the country.  There are currently 
 nine alumni chapters around the U.S. with a new one being formed in the 
 Houston area.  I am serving on a steering committee for the development of 
 this Houston Area Alumni Chapter.  Our primary reasons for starting a Houston 
 Area Chapter include networking, professional affiliations, outreach to 
 students, resources, learning opportunities, and providing scholarships.
 
 Our initial outreach to Beta Gamma Sigma members will be through a 
 reception/dinner to be held in October 2001.  We are currently looking at 
 either October 16 or 18.  All 6,200 Houston area members will be invited to 
 participate, however, we expect attendance to be closer to 75-100 people.  
 The ages, experiences, and business affiliation of the members will be very 
 diverse, but all will have the common thread of business excellence.
 
 The details of this event are still being finalized; however, at our last 
 meeting the discussion encompassed possible speakers and topics.  
 Overwhelmingly the team decided on Electricity Deregulation in Texas, and 
 since I work at Enron, I was asked to assist in locating a dynamic speaker.  
 Cliff Baxter suggested that you would be an ideal speaker on this topic.  Are 
 you available and willing to address this group in October?  
 
 If I can provide any additional information, please let me know.
 
 Thank you for your consideration, Steve.
 
 
 
 
