
 
 I think the meeting is on Wednesday, but if you can be there (Sacremento, I 
 expect) you should.  As I mentioned in my voicemail, I think the meeting will 
 not be particularly substantive;  more likely it is a photo op for the 
 governor to show how tough he is on the pirate generators.  Based on your 
 message below, should we still plan to send somebody?  I still think we 
 should if we can manage the legal risk.
 
 Mike:  would you be able to attend as well?
 
 
    
  
 As I indicated in my VM, I will be in LA early Tues morning. Would you like 
 to talk about the isuues before your meeting--or would you like me to go? 
 ----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 05/06/2001 10:43 AM -----
 

 	05/04/2001 10:48 AM
 		 













 		  		  
 
 Williams, Reliant, Enron, Duke, AES, Dynegy, Mirant and Sempra have been
 invited to a meeting with the Governor.  The press release provides: "The
 agenda will include "unpaid debts, credit and the supply of power."
 Williams is concerned about attending such a meeting of competitors without
 the presence of antitrust counsel even under the sponsorship of the Governor
 (who presumably acts as both the sovereign and on behalf of the buyer(s)).
 We are looking into the Sovereign immunity and Noerr-Pennington issues to
 determine how best to protect any such group discussions from challenge or
 as evidence in any of the pending cases.  Are any of your clients also
 concerned about this and are you also looking into these issues?
 Williams would like to have a joint defense protected conference call
 (perhaps later today if possible) to discuss this meeting and consider
 whether antitrust counsel is needed for the group or if each participant
 should attend with its own counsel.  Please let me have your thoughts and
 whether one of you (or other counsel) is interested and available to
 participate in a conference call.  Thanks/
 
 
 
 Jeffrey M. Shohet
 Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich
 Phone: (619) 699-2743
 Fax:     (619) 236-1048
 Mobile: (619) 933-2743

 
 
 
 
 [INFO] -- Content Manager:
 
 NOTICE:  This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) 
 and may contain confidential and privileged information.  Any unauthorized 
 review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited.  If you are not the 
 intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all 
 copies of the original message.
 

 
 Thank you.
 
 
 
 
 
