
 
 I have advised against Ken or Jeff attending the generators meeting:  Ken is 
 still willing to make time avail on the 3d to meet with the gov.
 
 


  
  
 All--here's some thoughts on the RGA related events.  We currently have Ken 
 scheduled to participate in an energy roundtable discussion on the afternoon 
 of the 2nd with at least four governors attending that session--Kempthorne, 
 Hull, Geringer and Ridge.  (Engler and Rowland are also attending the overall 
 event, but they will be in a healthcare breakout session).  Kaufman and I 
 thought that it would be particularly helpful for Arizona Gov Hull and Idaho 
 Gov Kempthorne to hear Ken's remarks and have a chance to talk with him.  
 
 I have also been working with Rosalee to schedule an early evening 
 (6:00-7:00pm) meeting that night  with Exelon co CEO John Rowe. John Rowe 
 will be in California for some investor meetings and well as attending some 
 sections of the RGA events.  I have told my counterpart at Rowe's office that 
 we would confirm Ken's availability on Monday morning.
 
 If you do decide that Ken should attend the Davis meeting in Sacremento that 
 day instead, we will just reconfigure a bit.  Paul and I will cover the RGA 
 events and I will cancel the John Rowe get together. I would also want to 
 talk about having Mr. Lay reach out to Hull and Kempthorne via phone sometime 
 in the near future.  Same with Rowe.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	Rosalee Fleming
 	04/27/2001 07:12 PM
 		



 		  
 I received a return call from Lelanie in Governor Davis' office this 
 evening.  She said the Governor wanted to invite Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling to 
 a meeting the Governor is having at 2:00 p.m. in Sacramento on May 2 with a 
 lot of CEOs.  I still pressed for a one on one meeting on May 3 in 
 Sacramento, but she told me the Governor wanted to have the one meeting all 
 at once and his schedule was very tight on Thursday, May 3.   I transferred 
 her to Sherri and called Ken.  Ken wanted me to try to get more specific 
 information, which she shared that it is with generators - Sempra, Williams, 
 CalPine, Duke, Dynegy, and Reliant.  She also said since the Governor has 
 worked with Ken, she thought he might prefer that he attend.  Ken said to let 
 you all know and be thinking whether we even want to do it.  He said one 
 thought might be that he'd do that meeting and maybe Jeff could do the one in 
 L.A. on May 2.
 
 Talk to you Monday.
 
 Rosie
 
 
 
 Janel Guerrero
 04/27/2001 02:39 PM

   
 Just so we're all on the same page......Dasovich will arrive in Houston on 
 Monday (mid-day) and will travel with Dr. Lay beginning on Wednesday (to 
 Austin) and then on to LAX, Sacramento etc.  Steve said there really isn't 
 time to have a pre-briefing so any questions that Ken has will have to be 
 addressed enroute to CA.  
 
 Rosalee....we're giving Steve the briefing book today so he can review over 
 the weekend and we'll have a final copy to Ken before he departs next week.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
