
 
 I already responded to this.  Print for my meeting file.
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Steven J Kean/NA/Enron on 04/25/2001 
 07:54 AM ---------------------------
 
 


   
  
 Greetings:
 
 Thank you for joining us for the May 22-23, 2001 Forum on Securing the
 Energy Future of the Western United States here in Denver.  If you require
 any audio visual aids for your presentations (overhead projector, LCD,
 etc.), please respond to this e-mail ASAP.  Please remember that you will be
 asked to remain within the time limits outlined in the memo to
 speakers/discussants from Marshall Kaplan and David Olsen.
 
 We are compiling a series of articles on western state power problems and
 possible options to overcome problems for distribution to  all Forum
 participants.
 
 We welcome your submission of any recent article or articles, or their
 citations and/or web page references, that you have found interesting and
 useful.  These might address subjects such as power challenges; alternate
 policies with respect to supply and demand management; financing power
 related infrastructure;  use of innovative technology with respect to energy
 management and efficiency; or the convergence of power, environmental and
 carbon emission reduction policies.
 
 If you have an article or articles to submit for inclusion in the Forum
 Notebook, please convey it electronically by responding to this e-mail, or
 fax or mail it as noted in the signature concluding this message by no later
 than May 4th.
 
 If you are intending to write out your remarks to the Forum, we would also
 welcome receiving those in advance of the Forum for inclusion in the
 materials provided to participants.
 
 Please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments.
 
 Thanks for your attention to these requests.  We look forward to seeing you
 at the Forum on May 22nd.
 
 Sincerely,
 
 Heidi VanGenderen, Senior Associate
 Wirth Chair in Environmental and
 Community Development Policy
 Institute for Policy Research and Implementation
 University of Colorado-Denver
 1445 Market Street, Suite 350
 Denver, CO  80202-1727
 Tel - 303-820-5676
 Fax - 303-534-8774
 
 Marshall Kaplan
 Tel - 303-820-5605
 
 
 
