
 
 I'm suggesting that we make progress on it before we agree to a CEO summit
 
 
 

 	03/02/2001 02:01 PM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Agreed.  It's great that these guys want to sell us product, but what's in it 
 for Enron?  I'm already pushing that point with Emerson and will continue to 
 do so.  I definitely want to bring it up at the CEO summit.
 
 Thanks for your input, Steve.
 
 Nate
 
 
 
 
     
 I think I can recommend that the time be set aside, but it would be helpful 
 if we pointed out to Emerson that it must be clear that there is a clear 
 opportunity for Enron before we schedule the meeting.  Maybe you could use 
 this to get some progress on a bundled outsource deal.
 
 
 

 	02/28/2001 03:05 PM
 		 



 		  
 Gentlemen:
 
 Situation:
 
 Emerson is aggressively seeking at least a three hour time slot for a meeting 
 with Jeff Skilling in April or May 2001.  Mr. Skilling's office is hesitant 
 to allocate more than two hours without your recommendation.  Emerson is 
 being persistent.
 
 The key players from Emerson are David Farr, newly appointed CEO, and James 
 Berges, President and effectively the leader of Emerson's strategic 
 development effort.  It is anticipated that both would attend the meeting.
 
 Emerson execs want to (i) get to know Mr. Skilling and other senior 
 management, (ii) discuss mutual business opportunities, and (iii) hold a 
 discussion about the transformation of Enron from a pipeline company to its 
 current form.  The last point has to do with Emerson's continuing 
 self-transformation effort and how Enron achieved its transformation.
 
 I need your advice and recommendation.  Please respond by e-mail or telephone 
 (x5-4040).
 
 
 Background:
 
 Emerson initiated this latest round of contact with Enron in November 2000, 
 when Mike Train and Mark Proudfoot, both Emerson VPs of Corporate 
 Development, visited the Enron building hosted by Steve Kean.  I met them at 
 that time.
 
 Since that initial meeting, Emerson has aggressively pursued a business joint 
 venture as preferred supplier with Martin Wenzel and the distributed power 
 business, I believe with promising results.  My sense is that Emerson is 
 uniquely positioned as EES' partner in that business.  I am waiting to 
 receive an update from Martin.
 
 Emerson is also interested in becoming a preferred supplier for EES's DSM 
 business.  While we generally support that idea, we are pressing Emerson to 
 reciprocate by becoming a customer of our bundled outsource business.  
 Emerson is highly decentralized, and our efforts to date have been 
 unsuccessful.
 
 I want to use the meeting as an opportunity to press Emerson to consider a 
 proposal from EES's bundled outsource business.
 
 Please let me know your recommendation on this matter.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Nate
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Nate Ellis/HOU/EES on 02/28/2001 02:21 PM 
 ---------------------------
 
 

    
 
 Nate,
 
 Thanks for the note - - I have dropped some ideas to Thad to follow up on
 during my absence from the office.
 
 I am a little nervous about having only two hours - - is it possible to get
 a larger block of time to get to know each other better and talk through
 some of the mutual business opportunities?
 
 Mike
 (from Hong Kong)
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Nate Ellis/HOU/EES on 02/27/2001 06:14
 PM
 ---------------------------
 
 
 Nate Ellis
 02/26/2001 04:28 PM
 
  cc:
  
 Skilling's calendar is amazingly full!  Let's shoot for one of the
 following.
 Let's schedule it ASAP.
 
 March is unavailable for a two-hour meeting.
 
 Monday, April 2nd:  12:00p to 2:00p
 
 Tuesday, April 3rd: 9:00a to 11:00a
 
 Wednesday, May 2nd: 10:00a to 12:00p or
                  1:00p to   3:00p
 
 Thursday, May 3rd:         10:00a to 12:00p or
                 1:00p to   3:00p
 
 Call or e-mail when you have a suggestion.
 
 Nate
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
