
 
 Summary of yesterdays meeting attached
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	Susan J Mara
 	01/14/2001 01:16 AM
 		 






































 		  		  
 Friday, January 12, 2001
 
 By the end of the day, the Treasury had decided to move forward and hold 
 another meeting with the CEOs, Governor Davis and various other Government 
 officials.  Governor Davis refused to come to California, so a video 
 conference was set up with two locations:  one at DOE in Washington and one 
 in Los Angeles for the Governor and his entourage.  It was tentatively set up 
 for 2:30 pm CST.  I have had no reports on the meeting yet. Ken Lay, Steve 
 Kean and Rick Shapiro attended for Enron.
 
 Long-Term Forward Contracts
 
 Good progress was made and the report was completed by 4 pm.  It includes a 
 draft RFO, draft standard contract, a table of utilties' needs, products 
 required and a timetable that would have power flowing by February 1.
 Participants were fairly pessimistic about the eventual outcome, however, 
 given the absence of any buy-in or participation by the State of California.
 
 
 Debt and Forebearance
 
 Group also worked to have draft documents completed by COB Friday.
 
 
 QF Contract Reformation
 
 Parties continued discussion
 No information was available by COB Friday.
 
 Major Issues
 
 State interest in resolving
 State willingness to raise retail rates
 Utilties' desire to offload all risk to the State as its portfolio manager
 Willingness to "call off the dogs" for the suppliers and to release them from 
 legal action
 State willingness to offer up sites for power plant development
 Ability to reach deal on QF contract reformation
 
 
 Next Steps
 
 If definitive agreement is not reached by the principals at Saturday meeting, 
 this work ends immediately and utilities will likely file for bankruptcy the 
 week of Jan 15.
 
 If agreement is reached, a massive amount of work is required immediately, 
 such as:
 FERC filing of settlement and ISO Tariff change by Tuesday Jan 16.
 RFO completion and release by Jan 18
 Introduction and passage of necessary legislation to be executed by February 
 2.
 Preparation of contract between utilities and state (probably DWR)
 Preparation of formal agreements among the parties on the terms on this 
 settlement
 
 And more...
 
