
 
 In my interview I stressed that a big part of the communication problem is 
 the narrow and impermanent nature of the information about what's going on at 
 Enron.  Narrow because for every significant activity there are only a few 
 who are in the loop and "impermanent" because very little information is 
 committed to writing (most of it is exchanged in person or over the phone).  
 This is, I believe, what lies at the heart of complaints about 
 cross-department communication.  We now have some solutions emerging -- 
 software that enables more people to record and post information in HTML 
 format on company intranet sites.  I suspect that using such tools will face 
 two obstacles: learning how to use them (ie there's a huge need for training) 
 and making it part of our culture as a knowledge/learning organization
 
 
 
 
 Richard Amabile
 08/18/2000 05:20 PM

























  
  Reminder for Feedback
 
 This is a reminder that we would like your feedback/input on the items 
 mentioned below regarding the Computer Based Communications Training 
 Initiative.  Please respond by the close of business Monday, August 21 
 otherwise we will need to move ahead with the responses received by that time.
              Dick Amabile 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Richard Amabile/HR/Corp/Enron on 
 08/18/2000 04:31 PM ---------------------------
 
 
 Richard Amabile
 08/16/2000 02:40 PM




























  
  
 As agreed in our V&V meeting today I have attached two items for your review:
 1. A list of those who have been interviewed or have been part of a focus 
 group on this subject.
 
 The input from individuals on this list will be the basis for developing the 
 5-7 key scenarios that will be a part of the training.  Please let me know if 
 you feel we should include more people from your unit to insure that your 
 unit's unique circumstances are appropriately taken into account.  If so, let 
 us know either their names or how you would like them to be identified.
 
 Some of the individuals on this list will be contacted as Subject Matter 
 Experts to help provide real Enron contexts for the scenarios as they are 
 further developed.
 
 2. A list of the "first draft" objectives for the program and 10 possible 
 scenarios.
 
 Since we will only be able to have a total of about 5-7 scenarios in the 
 final version, identify the 5 - 7 on this list of high level scenario ideas 
 that will have the most impact on improving communications and the most 
 applicability to a range of managers across the Enron organization.  Any 
 other feedback you can provide on the objectives or scenarios would be 
 greatly appreciated.
 
 We are seeking to move forward with the development of scenarios by the 
 beginning of next week.  Therefore, if you could provide your feedback on 
 both of the items above by Friday, August 18th, it would be greatly 
 appreciated.
 
              Dick Amabile
 
 
 
