
 
 It's hard to formulate a position without more of the specifics, but I think 
 our message should generally be:
 We support providing immediate rate relief to small residential customers.  
 We believe that relief is best provided by giving San Diego the ability to 
 procure power on a fixed price basis from the market.  San Diego has offers 
 in front of it now; those should be evaluated and the legislature and the 
 commission should give San Diego the flexibility to accept one or more of 
 them.  This is sounder than running huge deferrals (deficits) to be later 
 recovered from consumers.
 Rate relief should be accompanied by real reform.  Rate caps have bad long 
 term consequences: they cause shortages.  Combining short-medium term rate 
 relief with expedited siting of new facilities will address the near term 
 problem while laying the proper groundwork for a long term solution.
 
 
 
 

 08/24/2000 11:08 AM









  
  
 This email reflects today's events in Sacramento. The information provided is 
 subject to change because of constant flux. However it is important for us to 
 provide this information for feedback and to caution as to new regulations 
 that may affect some deals in the making .
 
 Governor Davis, Assembly Women Susan Davis, and Senator Alpert had a press 
 conference.
 
 They will introduce a rate/bill stabilization plan for SDG&E and an 
 expediting siting bill. There is no language as of yet. 
 
 Although there is no specific language, the following elements may be 
 included:
 
 The stabilization plan will be applicable to residential and probably 
 commercial customers in SDG&E
 The bill cap may be set at $68 for residential.
 The cap will be in place until the end of 2002
 There will be language on expediting siting for generation plants  
 
 Sam Wehn and Sandra McCubbin have been talking with the CEC executive 
 director and several legislators about the siting portion of the bill. 
 
 Any comments as to the bill cap proposal?
 
