
 
 No, I had the right date from our previous communications.
 
 
 
 
 Nicholas O'Day
 08/31/2000 09:25 PM
   
  
 I have noticed a fairly significant typo in the note below. The correct date 
 for the key note address is 26 October, as set out in my first note. Did that 
 impact on the issue of availability?
   
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Nicholas O'Day/AP/Enron on 09/01/2000 
 11:20 AM ---------------------------
 
 
 Nicholas O'Day
 08/31/2000 08:01 PM


 
  
 Ken Lay Visit. Following discussions with the Prime Minister's office and a 
 quick check with venues 31 October is firming up as the preferred date for a 
 meeting with the Prime Minister and an office opening by the PM. 
 
 Jeff Skilling Visit. The Nikkei and the Tokyo University have now made the 
 decision to invite Mr Skilling to give the key note address at the symposium 
 on 26 November in Tokyo. As mentioned, the symposium is the most prestigious 
 conference on IT in Japan.
 
 While the conference itself receives significant media attention, the 
 President of Nikkei has offered to interview Mr Skilling. This honour is 
 usually reserved for Heads of State. The interview will be featured on the 
 front page of the Nikkei and picked up by other major media services.
 
 kind regards
 
       
 
 
 Nicholas O'Day
 08/29/2000 07:43 PM

 Takashi Kimura/AP/Enron 
 
  
 Ken Lay Visit. Balancing the need to push out the arrangement of high level 
 meetings as far as possible with the desire to have a meeting with Prime 
 Minister Mori prior to the US Presidential election, the week commencing 30 
 October would be the optimum time for a visit by Mr Lay. PM Mori is generally 
 available in that week. We will get a preferred time from the PM's chief 
 secretary first thing tomorrow morning Tokyo time. 
 
 Jeff Skilling Visit. The boards of Nikkei and Tokyo University Institute of 
 Advanced Studies have yet to make a decision on the key note speaker for the 
 one day invitation only seminar to be held on 26 October. As mentioned, the 
 boards will choose between the chairman of Cisco and Jeff Skilling. The 
 conference is focused on the IT revolution and an invitation only event for 
 approximately 600 of Japan's corporate leaders.
 
 The speaking panel and topics for discussion will be developed around the key 
 note speaker. If Mr Skilling were to give the key note speech, it is likely 
 that key senior Government Ministers would be asked to present at the 
 seminar. 
 
 Following the Prime Minister's commitment at the Okinawa summit of 
 US$15billion expenditure in the region on IT infrastructure and education, 
 Japan's focus on e-commerce is almost reaching fever pitch. There will be 
 significant interest in the conference from senior levels of Government and 
 the business community. Further, as you would expect with the involvement of 
 the Nikkei, there is typically significant media coverage associated with the 
 key note speaker's presentation.
 
 kind regards
 
 
 
 
 
