
 
 I have been trying to hook up with Kevin and will see him tomorrow.  I still 
 prefer to use the "old exec committee plus" for this PRC with a reformed MD 
 PRC starting at mid year.  We have too many people in transition to just 
 switch over to the policy committee at this stage.
 
 
 
 	Cindy Olson
 	12/04/2000 09:10 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Steve, my preference is the first option however I can live with either 
 really.......we just need to make a decision ......what do you think??????
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Cindy Olson/Corp/Enron on 12/04/2000 
 09:00 AM ---------------------------
 
 

 12/04/2000 08:29 AM
   
  
 How can we resolve today if possible?
 ---------------------- Forwarded by David Oxley/HOU/ECT on 12/04/2000 08:28 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 


  
 You know my opinion, I vote for option #2.
 
 Kevin
 
 
 
 

 	11/30/00 07:19 PM
 		 

 		  		  
 Following discussions with Steve and Kevin yesterday, we're providing some 
 options for the conduct of final PRC reviews  for the Enron VP's and MD's.  
 Please let us know which of these options (or a derivative therein) you'd 
 prefer.  
 
 For continuity through the year-end process, we might consider having the 
 existing MD VP PRC Committee review the VP slate; and  the former EC and two 
 newly appointed EC members  who are also VP PRC Committee, (John  Lavorato 
 and Jeff Shankman were suggested), ratify the VP slate and review the 
 MD's.    The newly appointed EC members who are MD level will remain in the 
 "Not Rated" category, so that Jeff and John may participate in the overall 
 discussion and depart before discussions relative to them and their EC 
 colleagues.      
 
 Alternatively, we might disband the existing MD VP PRC Committee in favor of 
 having the newly appointed EC  (13  of whom are MD VP PRC) review the VP 
 slate.  Thereafter, the Enron Corporate Policy Committee would be responsible 
 for ratifying these results and for reviewing the MD's slate.  Insofar as the 
 Policy Committee might require further  information on individual MD's, 
 selected EC members could be invited for an appropriate period of time to 
 provide the necessary details.   
 
 If we opt to disband the existing MD VP PRC we'd need to notify those members 
 who aren't part of the new EC that their services are no longer required.  In 
 so much as some of these people are currently assigned to, and attending, BU 
 and functional pre-rankings clearly the sooner we are able to do this, the 
 better.
 
 Your immediate attention to this issue would be greatly appreciated, since we 
 are eager to begin the year-end VP/MD PRC planning process.  Thanks in 
 advance,
 
 Gina Corteselli
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
