
 
 I think this is a great initiative, but it is critically important that any 
 announcement of the panel makes it crystal clear that the objective of the 
 group is to come up with standards to facilitiate competition.  We will do 
 nothing but waste time if it becomes a negotiation over competition.  the 
 best and politically easiest time to make that objective clear is in the 
 original announcement, not after the group gets underway.  Can we get in 
 touch with DOE to make sure they pick this up?
 
 
 

 07/18/2000 05:03 PM
 
 



  
 Jeff:  I have followed up with other DOE politicals who advised they will 
 meet this Thursday with Bob Gee to finalize and approve his speech to NARUC 
 on Monday, July 24th.  It is looking positive that he may be positioned to 
 make the announcement Monday.  However, DOE will likely need to revisit some 
 folks on the current Blue Ribbon Reliability Panel in order to replace some 
 of the utility transmission-only focused members with others who focus on 
 business practices plus add additional people to represent the internet  like 
 APX, Altra, and HoustonStreet.Com. (these are Steve Kean's suggestions.)  
 Too, I have been cautioned about referring to the Blue Ribbon Reliability 
 Panel as a model since their timeline was slow, but rather suggest the TVA 
 Blue Ribbon Panel model since they were able to issue a report after only 
 four meetings.  I have asked for this issue to be brought to Secretary 
 Richardson's attention and advised this will be done this week.  I have also 
 discussed this with John Anderson of ELCON who is supportive.
 
 
 

 07/18/2000 12:45 PM



 
  
 Cynthia and I met with Bob Gee regarding a potential role for DOE in creating 
 a national standards board.  Bob appeared comfortable with establishing a 
 "Blue Ribbon" panel, similar to the reliability panel, to address this 
 issue.  In fact, Bob suggested that the reliability panel, which includes a 
 balance of key stakeholders, could be re-tasked with this issue.
 
 We recommended that the focus of any panel should be on the structure 
 (governance, segments, executive committees) and scope of the organization 
 (retail, wholesale, gas, electric).  Bob plans to follow-up with us next week.
 
 Jeff
 
 
 
 
