
 
 
 
 
 

   
  
 I am looking for some help in identifying the right person(s) at: Enron
 Corp., for an introduction of our software solution.  Steven, if you could
 take a moment and point me to the appropriate contact I would greatly
 appreciate it.
 
 Summary of eProvisioning:
  
 eProvisioning radically improves people's Time-To-Productivity by
 transforming the disparate activities that allocate IT resources to people
 into a secure and automatic process. Once provisioned, these resources
 remain digitally connected to each person as they move through the business
 cycle and are dynamically updated as necessary. At the appropriate time,
 they are systematically, securely and automatically removed.  
 
 Organizations that employ eProvisioning gain a competitive edge and access
 complete security by ensuring that people are kept productive from day one,
 and are prevented from becoming counterproductive beyond the day they leave.
 In addition, by aligning their IT infrastructure with business priorities,
 organizations can effectively manage change across the extended enterprise,
 and better respond to emerging market requirements. 
 
 eProvision Day One provides business and IT executives with the ability to
 quickly identify bottlenecks and maintain accountability of the
 eProvisioning process through comprehensive reporting and tracking
 capabilities. As business relationships between organizations expand,
 Business Layers technology provides the framework for integration and
 interoperability between eProvisioning partners - suppliers and service
 providers, devices and applications - which are the digital foundations of
 the Internet economy. 
 
 Please, if you could give me a few minutes of your valuable time or guide me
 to the right person to describe the significant benefits of what we offer."
 
 Web Site:  http://www.businesslayers.com
 
 Demo-Site: http://demo.businesslayers.com
 User: blayers
 Pass: blayers
 
 Thank you for your time.
 
 
 Steve Knight
 SC Regional Sales Manager
 Business Layers, Inc.
 817-490-0170 
 
 
 
