
 
 Thanks for the list.  One clarification:  What do you mean by the sentence starting "How challenged are we really . . ."
 
  
     
 Steve
 
 Here are a few thoughts on the management committee meeting at the Woodlands:
 
 I would stay away from a general reporting on what is happening if at all possible - and focus
 on a few things we really need to work on as well as a few things we should remind ourselves
 are going quite well.  If we only focus on the problems I fear the group will walk away a bit
 demoralized.
 
 Second - I think we should move to many things getting driven by subcommittees of the
 Management committee.  And then the recommendations sometimes being approved
 by the Management committee.
 
 Here are a few subjects that we should touch on and initiate debate but not try and
 solve - get them started and turn over to a subcommittee:
 PRC process
 Diversity
 Giving the right signal to our business about the value and cost of capital
 What new businesses do we have going?
 Is now the right time for Xcelerator?
 More detailed external financial reporting
 How do we describe ourselves to the outside world and inside world?  What messages
   do we want to modify?
 What are the characteristics where our business model works and doesn't work?
 How well is our RAC process really working?
 We are a business where our biggest cost is people and that cost has blown out
   during the last few years - do we need to think about our biggest cost any
   differently than we did five years ago?
 How challenged are we really in getting substantial credit for Enron now that it 
 our credit spreads.
 Enron's normal new business mindset has been to overwhelm an opportunity - EBS, EES,
 power.  When this works it really pays off but in today's financial markets is a more conservative
 approach warranted?
 
 Anyway those are just a few ideas.  One of the things we might do tomorrow is solicit 
 ideas from the entire committee (in writing) and work on those items of most interest.
 
 John
