
 
 ok
 
  
     
 Steve -- For your approval.
 Thanks.
 Jo Ann
 
  
    Cc:	Schultea, Kathryn
  
 Approved.
 
 Thanks!
 
  
    Cc:	Schultea, Kathryn
  Importance:	High
 
 Mary -- After discussions with Meg, I am requesting approval for the following access that we are modifying from the original request.
 
 JAMES COLLINS - No action necessary.  Currently has HR_Non-Confidential_View_ENTP.
 KATHY ABSHIRE - Requesting approval for original request of HR_Non-Confidential_View_ENTP.  Needed to perform audits of Personic Users access to keep in sync with SAP active users and serves as backup to James Collins in administering the enterprise-wide employee referral program.
 THERESIA JAMES - Requesting approval for original request of HR_Non-Confidential_View_ENTP with an expiration date of  9/15/01.  The tasks she performs will be transitioned to the OLER group at which time her access will be removed.
 
 If you agree, please note your approval and return to me.  I'll consolidate both outstanding requests and forward to Steve.
 Thanks.
 Jo Ann
 
 
 
  
    Cc:	Buck, Gary
  
 
 Thanks Jo Ann.
  
    Cc:	Davies, Neil; Abshire, Kathy
  
 Hi Gary,
 The following people in my organization require the HR View Non-Confidential role (Enterprise-wide) in order to perform their jobs:  
 
 1.)  Name:  James Collins
 SAP ID:  P00514726
 Reason access is requested:  Administrator of the Enron-wide Employee Referral Reward Program
 
 2.)  Name:  Kathy Absire
 SAP ID:  P00520713
 Reason access is requested: a.)  Performs audits of Personic User access against SAP Active status 
 b.) serves as back up for James Collins in the administration of the Enron-wide Employee Referral Reward Program
 
 3.)  Name:  Theresia James
 SAP ID:  P00500804
 Reason access is requested: Performs Enron-wide EEO audits
 
 This access was granted previously but this week it was taken away as a result of an audit.
 
 Meg Wysatta
 Manager, Recruitment Technology

 713-345-7569 (office)
 713-562-7122 (cell)
 
 ~Innovative Technology for Recruiting Excellence~
