
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Keiser, Kam\Sent Items
 X-Origin: KEISER-K
 X-FileName: kam keiser 7-11-02.PST
 
 Scott,
 
 Yes, my group will be the ones to book the demand charges in sitara.  Can you please contact that regional controller for the charges.  
 
 West-Kam Keiser
 Central-Scott Palmer
 East-Phillip Love
 Texas-O'neal Winfree
 
 Thanks
 Kam
 
 
  
    Cc:	Jacobs, Charles; Keiser, Kam
  
 Suzanne,
 
 I was wondering if you had a chance to research the below note.  Furthermore, please note the updated file attached.  There are no changes volumetrically from the last file, but there are some price differences.  Basically, Coral has taken these deficiency charges in their final settlement with Nov-01 prod.  So, the need is to verify the correctness of their claim to these charges.  Please advise on what you might know about this from a scheduling point of view when possible.
 
 Kam,
 
 We talked briefly about this before the holidays.  The price problem we discusses has been cleared up by Coral.  However, I assume that you need to be in the loop to also verify the overall deficiency charges and ultimately approve the creation of demand charges on the appropriate deals.  Please let me know where you stand on this or what might be my next steps in cleaning this up.
 
 Thanks,
 Scott Dozier
 Client Services - Settlements
 Enron Net Works LLC
 office: 713.345.7213
 fax: 713.646.8420

 
  << File: CoralEne05Def.xls >> 
 
 
  
    Cc:	Jacobs, Charles; Valderrama, Lisa
  
 Suzanne,
 
 Here is the spreadsheet that we discussed earlier today.  The worksheet of concern is titled "Sched".  Each deal is listed by group.  That is to say that they are not listed by day, but the days in question are mentioned for each group.  Furthermore, the volumes on the left of each group are from Coral's data, whereas the right side contains ENA data or my calculations.  Please prioritize these as you can with the expectation that I might be able to work on this upon my return from vacation on Jan 2.
 
  << File: CoralEne05Def.xls >> 
 
 Thank you,
 
 Scott Dozier
 Client Services - Settlements
 Enron Net Works LLC
 office: 713.345.7213
 fax: 713.646.8420
