
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Keiser, Kam\Sent Items
 X-Origin: KEISER-K
 X-FileName: kam keiser 7-11-02.PST
 
 
 Kim, 
 
 I am trying to find the exact termination date for the attached counterparties for physical and financial deals.  Can you help me with this?
 
 Kam
 
  
  
     
 Kam,
 
 I was just talking to Barry about this and he is saying that the MTM for future deals should be dated the 2nd as well.  Basically, as of the date the contracts terminated, which most were that day (or monday the 3rd).  Sorry.  Let me know if you have any quesitons.
 
 Kim
 
  
     
 Thanks,
 
 I will forward this to Casey Evans to work on the Power side.
 
 KK
 
 
  
    Cc:	Tycholiz, Barry
  
 It would be total exposure, physical and financial, for gas, and then power separately, if you have access to that.  If not, forget power.  The date would be as of our bankruptcy, (Dec. 2nd?).  What did we owe them that we are not going to pay them?  What is our future exposure (MTM) as of now? (For a summer 2002 swap, for example.)  and what do they owe us if we haven't been paid?  We just need to be aware of how things ended with Enron so we can discuss it when we knock on their door as UBS.
 
 Let me know what else you need and thanks for your help.
 
 Kim
 
  
     
 Kim, 
 
 Are these physical or financial, or a combination.  Do you know the termination dates?  If not, I will try to get them from the confirmations group.  
 
 Thanks
 Kam
 
  
     
 
 
  
     
 Kim, as part of the roll out plans we will need a summary report of the close out values for these customers.  Can you coordinate with credit, including the utilization of an analyst ( if you can find one). to complete this list.  
 
 Cash means ( receivables, payables positions outstanding).
 MTM ( the last MTM that we had with a company as we closed out).
 
 The intent of compiling this information is to be able to position ourself for the appropriate conversation with this customer.... (if Enron owes them money, we should know that before we walk in the door). 
 
 
 
 Pls review and let's discuss.... 
 
 BT  << File: westgascustlistrolloutplan.xls >> 