
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Keiser, Kam\Sent Items
 X-Origin: KEISER-K
 X-FileName: kam keiser 7-11-02.PST
 
 Thank you.
 
 
 
  
     
 Kam,
 
 Attached is Co 364 AR and AP agings for Financial Settlements as of Jan 24 and 25, 2002.
 
 Regards,
 
 Angelo
 
  << File: 01-24-02 AR Aging CO 364.xls >>  << File: 01-25-02 AP Co 364.xls >> 
 
 
 
  
     
 
 Can I get your help on the following request?  We need to find out what receivables/payables for financial and physical deals we have outstanding with the attached counterparties that we don't plan on settling.  
 
 Can you please let me know if you are the right people to do this and how long it would take to get this information together?
 
 Thanks
 Kam
 
 x3-5781
 
 
  
    Cc:	Tycholiz, Barry
  
 It would be total exposure, physical and financial, for gas, and then power separately, if you have access to that.  If not, forget power.  The date would be as of our bankruptcy, (Dec. 2nd?).  What did we owe them that we are not going to pay them?  What is our future exposure (MTM) as of now? (For a summer 2002 swap, for example.)  and what do they owe us if we haven't been paid?  We just need to be aware of how things ended with Enron so we can discuss it when we knock on their door as UBS.
 
 Let me know what else you need and thanks for your help.
 
 Kim
 
  
     
 Kim, 
 
 Are these physical or financial, or a combination.  Do you know the termination dates?  If not, I will try to get them from the confirmations group.  
 
 Thanks
 Kam
 
  
     
 
 
  
     
 Kim, as part of the roll out plans we will need a summary report of the close out values for these customers.  Can you coordinate with credit, including the utilization of an analyst ( if you can find one). to complete this list.  
 
 Cash means ( receivables, payables positions outstanding).
 MTM ( the last MTM that we had with a company as we closed out).
 
 The intent of compiling this information is to be able to position ourself for the appropriate conversation with this customer.... (if Enron owes them money, we should know that before we walk in the door). 
 
 
 
 Pls review and let's discuss.... 
 
 BT  << File: westgascustlistrolloutplan.xls >> 