
 
 waaaaa! waaaaa! you notice that she didn't mention the corps of cadet members 
 that tackled and beat on women after texas victory in college station a 
 couple of year back
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
    
 Something to get you ALL riled up!!  And you talk about LSU fans being bad- 
 "Kill him"!!!
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Shanna Husser/HOU/EES on 11/30/2000 10:35 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 
 Christina Barthel
 11/30/2000 09:43 AM








   
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Christina Barthel/HOU/EES on 11/30/2000 
 09:39 AM ---------------------------
 
 



   
 
 
 
  "Conduct of Texas Fans at Friday's Football Game Dismays Former Student"
 
  November 28, 2000
 
  Dear Battalion and Daily Texan:
 
 Please help me.  As a product of both Texas A&M and the University of
 Texas - Austin, I thought I had learned a lot.  But I experienced some new
 things at the football game this past Friday that my education had not 
 prepared
 me for.  No doubt there are Longhorn scholars who can set me straight.  I
 watched many joyful Texas fans along with a few Aggies tailgating and
 carousing.  Super.  Fall football rivalry.  Spirits were literally in
 abundance.  May the better football team win.
 
 Then I saw things that I cannot really comprehend.  I saw a Longhorn fan
 with a t-shirt showing a fallen-over Bonfire.  The caption read, "What's
 wrong, Aggies? Can't keep it up?"  Can someone explain that to me?  I do
 not get it.  I assure you, I get the sexual nuance - I just do not understand
 evil.
 
 I saw Longhorn fans mocking and taunting the fans from A&M who were in
 Corps of Cadets uniforms.  "Little Hitlers," they were called.  They were 
 being
 spat at.  Help me to understand this Longhorn slant on rivalry.  I
 thought we were all against Hitler - Longhorns and Aggies.
 
 I saw a Longhorn cheerleader - isn't he supposed to represent UT in the
 finest possible way?  - run in front of the Aggie Band, turn and face it
 square on and salute with the clicked heels, arm-above-head, "Heil
 Hitler" sign. 
 
 What don't I know here?  What didn't I learn in history class?  All these
 things happened before kickoff.
 
 Aggies, I respect your presentation of a $50,000 endowed scholarship as a
 thank-you for UT's respect and support shown last year.  That support
 obviously came from the finer Horns.  I admired the fortitude and
 restraint exercised by the Corps of Cadets under attack.
 
 Unfortunately, I learned that hundreds and hundreds of Longhorns have
 More than one way to show the Hook 'em Horns sign.  They prefer to use their
 middle finger.  Class.  Really intelligent and creative.  That will
 quickly teach those "littlest" Longhorns how to show spirit.  I just pray they
 get an honest chance to choose.
 
 I am learning.  I have attended both schools.  I will choose the higher
 ground.
 
 Susan Priest
 Classes of '77 and '81
 >
 >
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
