
 
 I am confused - in terms of the options exercised - we covered those in last year's tax return which unforttuantely I do not have a copy of here.   I am concerned I am double paying tax on these.  Can  you check last years's US tax return which covered those options.
  
 I am contatable on 07778757656.
  
 Thanks
  
 Louise
 
  
    Cc: 
  
 
 
 Memo from Jim Stidham of PricewaterhouseCoopers
 
 -------------------- Start of message text --------------------
 
 
 Louise, I understand that you are currently in the UK.  On the chance that
 
 you are picking up e-mails, here is a quick update:
 
 1) As I was not in the office on Friday, I had a draft sent in the post to
 
    you at the address provided in the UK.
 
 2) Upon review this morning, changes were required and the final copy is
 
    being forwarded to you by courier to arrive at the UK address today.
 
    You can just discard the draft copy which came in the post.
 
 Any questions, please ring me on 020-7804-1791.
 
 Thanks.
 
 
 --------------------- End of message text --------------------
 
 This e-mail is intended only for the person to whom it is
 
 addressed. If an addressing or transmission error has
 
 misdirected this e-mail, please notify the author by replying to
 
 this e-mail. If you are not the intended recipient you must not
 
 use, disclose, copy, print or rely on this e-mail.
 
 The principal place of business of PricewaterhouseCoopers and
 
 its associate partnerships is 1 Embankment Place, London
 
 WC2N 6RH where lists of the partners' names are available for
 
 inspection. All partners in the associate partnerships are
 
 authorised to conduct business as agents of, and all contracts
 
 for services to clients are with, PricewaterhouseCoopers. The
 
 UK firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers is authorised by the
 
 Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales to
 
 carry on investment business. PricewaterhouseCoopers is a
 
 member of the world-wide PricewaterhouseCoopers
 
 organisation.
 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers may monitor outgoing and incoming
 
 e-mails and other telecommunications on its e-mail and
 
 telecommunications systems.
 
 
 
 Visit our website <http://www.pwcglobal.com>
 
 
 
 
 The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to
 
 which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged
 
 material.  Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or
 
 taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or
 
 entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.   If you received
 
 this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any
 
 computer.