
 
 I need a two bedroom
 
  
     
 Please read email below and let me know if you are interested.
 
 Tammie Schoppe
 Enron Americas-Office of the Chair
 Assistant to Louise Kitchen
 713.853.4220 office=20
 713.646.8562 fax
 713.253.2131 mobile
 
 
  
     
 Hi Tammie,
 
 Nice to speak with you this afternoon.
 
 As I mentioned, currently Sloane Apartments do not have a two
 bedroom apartment available from January 1 - 5, however they feel
 that it is likely that a cancellation may come in which would allow
 them to accommodate Ms Nettleton.
 
 In the meantime, they shall be pleased to reserve a one bedroom
 suite plus an adjoining deluxe double bedroom at their sister
 property Parkes Hotel in Knightsbridge.  The rate per night of
 Slaone Apartments 2 bedroom apartment is GBP195 per night, and
 although the rates at Parkes Hotel is considerably higher, they will
 be pleased to reserve both the suite and double bedroom for the
 same rate.
 
 Parkes Hotel is located at 41 Beaufort Gardens, London SW3.
 Below is a brief description plus I have attached a few pictures.
 Could you please confirm that Ms Nettleton would be happy to
 accept the suite and deluxe double bedroom at Parkes Hotel and
 should a two bedroom apartment become available at Sloane
 Apartments they will amend her reservation.
 
 The One Bedroom Suite Parkes Hotel has:-
 
 Comprisesof separate bedroom with double bed. Separate
     lounge with Sofa (sofabed on request at additional cost),
     armchairs, coffee table, desk with data port and extensive
     personal bar. Has a full bathroom with shower. Also has small
     kitchen with fridge/freezer and combination oven, together with
     tea making facilities
 Can combine with either Deluxe Double or Junior suite
 Approximatedimensions 46sq.m
 
 Parkes Hotel has the ideal location. Only 100 metres from Harrods
 and within walking distance of many of London's exclusive shops
 and restaurants. Heathrow is a mere 30 - 40 minutes away. Let us
 arrange a limousine and enjoy the trip in comfort.=0F
 =0F
 Allow us to take care of you. Our staff will be happy to arrange
 theatre seats, book flights, do your shopping, run errands, anything
 to make your life easier. With no more than fifty guests, we have
 the time to make you feel at home.=0F
 =0F
 Whether you are here on a hectic business trip or a relaxing
 holiday, we have the facilities and, more important, the desire to
 make your stay a pleasant one.
 
 All our rooms and suites are traditionally decorated with
 airconditioning, roomsafes, direct dial telephone, data ports,
 CNN/Movie Channel, and extensive minibars
 
 It is a pleasure to be of service.
 
 Best regards
 Roy
 
 Roy McKenzie
 London (Serviced) Apartments
 
 
 London Serviced Apartments
 http://www.londonservicedapartments.co.uk
 TEL: +44 (0)20 8923 0918
 FAX: +44 (0)20 8521 9548
 The following section of this message contains a file attachment
 prepared for transmission using the Internet MIME message format.
 If you are using Pegasus Mail, or any another MIME-compliant system,
 you should be able to save it or view it from within your mailer.
 If you cannot, please ask your system administrator for assistance.
 
    ---- File information -----------
      File:  onebedsuite.jpg
            Size:  28449 bytes.
      Type:  JPEG-image
 
  - onebedsuite.jpg << File: onebedsuite.jpg >>=20
 The following section of this message contains a file attachment
 prepared for transmission using the Internet MIME message format.
 If you are using Pegasus Mail, or any another MIME-compliant system,
 you should be able to save it or view it from within your mailer.
 If you cannot, please ask your system administrator for assistance.
 
    ---- File information -----------
      File:  deluxdouble3.jpg
            Size:  27933 bytes.
      Type:  JPEG-image
 
  - deluxdouble3.jpg << File: deluxdouble3.jpg >>