
 
 The emails I sent out.  Please discuss the meeting and let me know the way forward.
 
  
    Cc:	Golden, Jeff; Lavorato, John; Schoppe, Tammie; Hillis, Kimberly
  
 We will have a networked pc in the room - so choose if you want handouts or a powerpoint.
 
 Kim will forward details of the room today.
 
 Thanks 
 
 Louise
 
  
    Cc:	Muller, Mark S.; Golden, Jeff; Lavorato, John; Schoppe, Tammie; Hillis, Kimberly
  
 The meeting has been confirmed.
 
 They told me that they want to essentially gain an understanding of what our plan is to get up and running as quickly as possible which does I think differ slightly from integration.
 
 Have I missed any critical group?
 
 
 9 am 		Introduction
 9:15 am		Infrastructure 						Rub
 9:45am		IT - Development & Ops				Webb
 10:15 am 		Mid Office Start-up Overview				Hall	
 10:45		Credit Start-up Overview				Brackett
 11:15 noon		Accounting, cash etc Integration Overview		Colwell/Georges/Meyers
 
 11am 		Tour of the building/infrastructure			Donovan
 
 Thanks
 
 Louise
  
    Cc:	Muller, Mark S.; Golden, Jeff; Lavorato, John; Schoppe, Tammie; Hillis, Kimberly
  
 One of our potential buyers will be here at 9am on Thursday.  The scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule.  This is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive.	 I tried to put Ops first but it really doesn't make sense.	
 
 This really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon but I wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover.
 
 9 am 		Introduction
 9:15 am		Infrastructure						Rub
 10 am		IT - Development & Ops				Webb
 11 am 		Mid Office Intergation Overview			Hall	
 12 noon		Accounting, cash etc Integration Overview		Colwell/Georges/Meyers
 
 11am 		Tour of the building/infrastructure			Donovan
 
 Wes - they want to cover bank accounts and cash in detail.
 
 Some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities - I am arranging with Bill Donovan.
 
 
 Louise Kitchen
 Chief Operating Officer
 Enron Americas
 Tel:  713 853 3488
 Fax: 713 646 2308