
 
 so - here's the synopsis - everything is business as usual - we have alot of cash and almost all of our counterparties are supporting us 100% - we are about to get more credit lines within a few hours - it's going to be rough but everything being done right now is to protect the gas and power trading businesses and we will be the best compensated people in the company.
 
 
     Importance: High
 
 
 Here are Jake's thoughts on the situation.  Chris said he would be willing
 to take you to lunch - completely under the radar if you can break away
 sometime.  He said you can also just call him at home to discuss how the
 environment is (team vs. individuals focused on bonuses).  He also indicated
 the package for your level is in the six figures.  I have all his
 information if you need it.  By the way, he reports up through Randy right
 now...
 
 On another topic.  Rick Riley thinks we are about to see capitulation in
 Enron.  He thinks we should through out a number we are comfortable with and
 when the stock comes down hard, it will take the number out (10K shares a $9
 is what he recommends).  He also believes it will be a short-lived hard
 drop. Then the stock will spring back up very quickly (I suppose he means to
 above book value) and underperform the market for six months.  He thinks
 Enron employees who stay on board will be rewarded handsomely..
 
 
     
 
 I have heard that a couple of companies have stopped trading with them, but
 I don't know which ones.  I don't think the banks will let the company
 totally go down, but I do think they are in for a rough ride over the next
 year or so.  The problem is that Enron is such a huge player in the energy
 markets that the market is fairly illiquid and inefficient without them.
 Therefore, it is in everyone's best interest (including the banks and
 counterparties) for Enron to make it out of this.
 
 
 
 
     
 
 Beginning to get real nervous about the big E.  It's below book value now
 and there is no bounce in sight.  I can't imagine what kind of interest rate
 a
 bank would slap on Enron right now in their dire situation for money. 
 
 
    (E-mail); Mitch Cornette (E-mail); Kuykendall, Patrick M.; Rick Medford
 (E-mail); Susan Hadix (E-mail); Tony Massoth (E-mail); Tori Kuykendahl
 (E-mail); Vernon Jones (E-mail)
  
 
 
 
 
     
 
 note - don't open if it is not warranted or welcomed