
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Eric Bass/HOU/ECT on 07/25/2000 04:17 PM 
 ---------------------------
 
 

 07/24/2000 08:19 AM



   
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Shanna Husser/Corp/Enron on 07/24/2000 
 08:14 AM ---------------------------
 
 

   
  
 
 
 
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

  Full-name: Arutha504

 







    
 Warm fuzzies from Andy Rooney
 
 I've learned....
     that the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person.
 '   that when you're in love, it shows.
     that just one person saying to me, "You've made my day!" makes my day.
     that having a child fall asleep in your arms is one of the most peaceful
 feelings in     the world.
 
 I've learned....
     that being kind is more important than being right.
     that you should never say no to a gift from a child.
     that I can always pray for someone when I don't have the strength to help
 him in  some other way.
 
 I've learned....
     that no matter how serious your life requires you to be, everyone needs a
 friend  to act goofy with.
     that sometimes all a person needs is a hand to hold and a heart to
 understand.
     that simple walks with my father around the block on summer nights when I
 was     a child did wonders for me as an adult.
 
 I've learned....
     that life is like a roll of toilet paper. The closer it gets to the end,
 the faster it   goes.
     that we should be glad God doesn't give us everything we ask for.
     that money doesn't buy class.
     that it's those small daily happenings that make life so spectacular.
 
 I've learned....
     that under everyone's hard shell is someone who wants to be appreciated
 and     loved.
     that the Lord didn't do it all in one day. What makes me think  I can?
     that to ignore the facts does not change the facts.
     that when you plan to get even with someone, you are only letting that
 person  continue to hurt you.
 
 I've learned....
     that love, not time, heals all wounds.
     that the easiest way for me to grow as a person is to surround myself
 with    people smarter than I am.
     that everyone you meet deserves to be greeted with a smile.
     that there's nothing sweeter than sleeping with your babies and feeling
 their   breath on your cheeks.
 
 I've learned....
     that no one is perfect until you fall in love with them.
     that life is tough, but I'm tougher.
     that opportunities are never lost; someone will take the ones you miss.
     that when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere.
 
 I've learned....
     that one should keep his words both soft and tender, because tomorrow he
 may     have to eat them.
     that a smile is an inexpensive way to improve your looks.
     that I can't choose how I feel, but I can choose what I do about it.
 
 I've learned....
     that when your newly born grandchild holds your little finger in his
 little fist, that   you're hooked for life.
     that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness
 and     growth occurs while you're climbing it.
     that it is best to give advice in only two circumstances; when it is
 requested and   when it is a life-threatening situation.
     that the less time I have to work with, the more things I get done.
 
 Author
 Andy Rooney>
 
 
 
