
 
 okey dokey
 
 
    
  
 Kay - I know ENA is planning to hand the breakout K to ESA as a done deal, 
 but Lisa Alfaro really should at least get a look at the assignment 
 provisions so Brett and Enron can know what his constraints are with respect 
 to a possible sale of all the SA assets, as well as the ease with which they 
 can go into the Elektrobolt project.  
 
 Could you send that portion of the contract to her?
 
 I have asked Lisa and Brett to confirm that their understanding about the 
 deal is the same as  Ben's. 
 
 Rose
 ----- Forwarded by Roseann Engeldorf/Corp/Enron on 11/14/2000 01:42 PM -----
 


 	11/14/2000 01:36 PM
 		

 		  
 Rose:
 
 Sheila provided final comments on the option agreement a couple of days ago. 
 I believe it's in Lisa Alfaro's court.
 
 GE is on board, and I think the final breakout contract should be completed 
 this week. Kay Mann / Sheila Tweed are coordinating with GE, and I will defer 
 to them on this point.
 
 I think that's it. 
 
 Regards,
 
 Ben
 
 








  
 Ben and Brett -
 
 I do not know your target timing to move the LMs; however, you need to be 
 aware that funding from the bank structure to pay for them requires that we 
 go through a full second closing process.  It may take several days to pull 
 together all the documents and information needed for this closing - we will 
 have to deliver Brazil counsel opinions, Cayman counsel opinions, another A&K 
 opinion and deliver a multitude of other corporate and security documents too 
 boring to list here. 
 
 So - as soon as:
 
 1)  the break-out contract is ready; 
 
 2) GE is on board; and 
 
 3) ESA, ENA and WLB have signed off on the purchase option transfer 
 document(s) (which must include Matt,  Mary Kimball and Mary Cilia 
 sign-off),  
 
 we can finalize the "second closing" docs for the bank - we have already 
 started on them, but it will take a focused effort to finish them and receive 
 all signatures necessary.  
 
 Ben and Brett must let Rob Taylor of A&K - at 713-220-4436 know when the 
 above items are complete - he will need to coordinate with the team to push 
 for final docs.
 
 Lisa Alfaro - will you please coordinate with Rob Taylor at the above number 
 and Frederico Porto at A&K in Dallas at 214-659-4447 on the Brazil-based 
 issues? 
  
 I also ask that Ben and Brett be available to the deal team to consult and 
 answer questions as necessary.
 
 I am going to be out of town for a week on another year-end deal and will 
 check my voice mails regularly.   My assistant, Melba Trevino at 835-7664 
 will have my contact details.
 
 Please call Rob, me or Tammy (345-3870) with any questions.
 
 
 Rose
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
