
 
 How could resist being part of the Light Brigade?
 
 
 
 
 
 


  
  
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
       During the EPC discussions, today in Sao                      
       Paolo, someone from ESA commented on the attached article and 
       how it's our "new" future.  The discourse then degenerated    
       into how "complex" those types of contracts must, to which I  
       quickly pointed out that they were in fact quite complex.     
       It's like Rigby says, "EES -- we do better lightbulbs".       
                                                                     
       Who Says Exit Signs Aren't Exciting                           
                                                                     
                                                                     
       Enron Energy Services (EES) is undertaking a rapid expansion  
       into overhauling inefficient lighting systems for current and 
       future customers. This includes the replacement of            
       illuminated exit signs in commercial buildings -- 25,000 of   
       which EES recently procured for installation over the next    
       year. As part of this effort, EES teamed with Global          
       Strategic Sourcing and DealBench to create a 45 percent       
       savings over the old procurement process. In a highly         
       successful collaboration, EES provided the technical          
       specifications and market pricing information, GSS provided   
       the deal expertise, and DealBench provided the technology.    
                                                                     
                                                                     
       These illuminated exit signs, which will be used in the new   
       Enron building and in commercial buildings of our customers,  
       are big energy savers. Whereas exit signs typically use 40    
       watts, the new signs use 4 watts. In addition, typical exit   
       signs use fluorescent or incandescent lamps. The new exit     
       signs use light emitting diodes (LEDs) and will achieve a 60  
       to 90 percent savings in electrical consumption. But it       
       doesn't stop there. The internal lamps that illuminate the    
       exit signs typically need to be replaced every six months to  
       a year. The LED-illuminated exit signs, however, only require 
       replacement every eleven years.                               
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
