
 
 Here is the form of LLC agreement we used for the Intergen deal, tweaked a 
 bit for lessons learned.  I will forward the updated letter agreement which 
 has been improved also.  It relates to the Blue Dog turbines, so some of the 
 defined terms are different.  I will also forward the Intergen docs so you 
 can see some of the definitions, etc.  
 
 One thing which wasn't addressed in the Intergen deal was the potential HSR 
 issue (there wasn't one) which arises when the put or call option is 
 exercised.  
 
 I also have the TurboPark docs, which I can forward when it gets closer.  I 
 don't know if I have the electronic versions of the other closing docs.  
 
 Kay
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/01/2001 12:46 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 

   
  
 
 
  <<2rz802!.DOC>>  <<2RZ8RED.DOC>>
 Kay:
 
 We did have a "form" LLC agreement in conjunction the letter agreement.  It
 was most recently circulated in a Jan 4 e-mail from me and is the attached
 draft dated Dec 15.  We may wish to tinker with the effective date
 provisions of Section 2.5 and depending on whether XYZ is a corporation,
 partnership or limited liability company, the entity representations in
 Section 3.2.1 et seq. (I have also attached a marked copy reflecting the
 differences between the prototype form and the final form signed in the
 Intergen transaction).  If you need anything else, please let me know.
 Thanks.
 
 Carolyn M. Campbell
 King & Spalding
 713-276-7307 (phone)
 713-751-3280 (fax)

 
 Enclosures 129572v2
   129344v7 R 129572v2
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 Hi there,
 
 Did you come up with a "form" llc agreement in conjunction with the form
 letter agreement, or is the Coral LLC agreement the latest thing?
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
 exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
 communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
 confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
 named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
 disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
 message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
 all copies of the message.
 
 
  - 2rz802!.DOC
  - 2RZ8RED.DOC
