
 
 And a tough crowd it is.  I'm up for it. He seems genuinely happy for you.  
 
 
 
 
    
  
 Yeah but how about that Memorial Office.  We should take John out for drinks 
 -- not only is he inside sick watching the other kids play, but he a lot more 
 kids inside with him.
 
 
 
 
 
 	Kay Mann
 	03/08/2001 09:24 AM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Frightening roster.
 
 
 

   
  
 
 I am left speechless by your kind tribute.  Of course, there is a more
 cynical interpretation of your words, but surely you meant them to be read
 in the most favorable light (my ego prevents me from reading it otherwise.)
 
 
 
                                                                               
                
                     
 Scott                                                                    

                     EVELOPMENT             
                                              Cheryl; moving day 
                     03/08/2001             upon us once again                 
                
                     07:54 
 AM                                                                 
                                                                               
                
                                                                               
                
 
 
 
 See..you're never far from our thoughts.
 
 ----- Forwarded by Scott Dieball/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 03/08/2001 07:53 AM
 -----
                                                                               
              
                     
 John                                                                   
                     Schwartzenbur         Scott                                     
                     g                    




 Robert               

 Cheryl                     
                                          

                                          D 




 Richard                    
                                          

                                          
 Shirley                                           
                                          

                                          Kristi 


 Angie                         
                                          

                                          
                                            Cheryl; moving day 
                                          upon us once again                   
              
                                                                               
              
 
 
 
 I'm happy  to let everyone know that Cheryl Costa has joined our group as a
 regular member. This is very timely for us, and she will be focusing on
 finishing off the documentation for the Electro Bolt project as a priority
 matter.
 
 We have had to re-juggle the seating plan a little to accomodate this and
 other changes, and the moves will occur this weekend.  Cheryl will be
 moving into the office presently occupied by Bob Sevitz, who will be moving
 into the space presently occupied by Mike Lewis.  Kristi Dobbs will be
 moving into the space just outside of John Rigby's office presently
 occupied by boxes. The Carlos Sole Memorial Office presently occupied by
 his memory is reserved for the new attorney who will fill in for Carlos
 (fill in only, of course, there can be no substitute).
 
 I will be scheduling a meeting Friday, if not over lunch then in the early
 afternoon to discuss a few minor developments with you guys and to get some
 thoughts from you on the TurboPark and other off balance sheet models.
 
 JWVS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
