
 
 Allyson,
 
 Thank you for the update.
 
 Is not having the CPCN an absolute bar to beginning construction?  What are 
 the risks?
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 



 
  
 Sami Salib of the Public Staff is drafting the agenda item that will go on
 the Commission's Open Agenda Conference for approval to establish the
 procedural schedule for the CPCN application (intervention dates, intervenor
 testimony, rebuttal testimony, etc).  Although he wanted to schedule the
 evidentiary hearing for the last week in September, the Commisssion's
 calendar is currently full.  So he has tentatively scheduled it for Monday,
 October 2.  The problem with that is that it makes it virtually impossible
 to meet the November 1 construction date if the Commission allows the
 customary 30 days after the hearing in which to file briefs and proposed
 orders.  I urged Sami to please see if he could calendar the hearing for the
 third week in September.  
 
 One of the things that ENA will have to do is to have notice published in
 newspapers in the Rocky Mount area for several consecutive weeks prior to
 the hearing so that affected persons will have an opportunity to comment.  I
 am trying to get Sami to place the draft agenda item and procedural schedule
 on the Commission's July 31 Open Agenda Conference so that the notices can
 start to run August 7.  That action, along with scheduling the hearing for
 the third week in September, will make it far more likely than not that the
 CPCN will issue before November 1.  
 
 Failing that, we can work with the Public Staff to shorten the period within
 which to file briefs and proposed orders after the hearing to three or
 preferably two weeks.  It will not be difficult to do that if there are no
 intervenors, or if the intervenors do not object.
 
 Sami has promised to let me know by tomorrow when the agenda item will go
 before the Commission, and the dates in the procedural schedule.  Please
 call me if you have questions.  Thanks.
 > Confidentiality Note:
 > This email message is intended solely for the individual or individuals
 > named above. It contains confidential attorney-client privileged
 > information and attorney work product.  If the reader of this message is
 > not the intended recipient, you are requested not to read, copy or
 > distribute it or any of the information it contains.  Please delete it
 > immediately and notify us by return email or by telephone (404) 815-6500.
 > 
 
 
