
 
 I would really appreciate your advice.  I have to learn it somehow, and I 
 know that you have an excellent idea of what works.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 
    
  
 Mark is the signer of opinions and I know what he will sign and what he 
 won't, so I'll be glad to help you through it but it's
 
 
 

 	04/06/2001 10:47 AM
 		
 		  		  		  
 They have a financing out in the letter agreement.  We have to use 
 commercially reasonable efforts to deliver GE consents, but I don't recall 
 anything about in other financing docs.
 
 Is someone in the dept designated as the opinion reviewer?
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
    
  
 I guess I'm not sure I know what's in the letter agreement.  If it's a done 
 deal, I'd say no or at least maybe.  We only give due authority opinions and 
 we try to narrow our obligations to lenders under Consent Agreements
 
 
 

 	04/06/2001 09:15 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Nice touch, sending this the day after the letter agreement was signed.  Can 
 you enlighten me on the ENA procedures and sensitivities to these types of 
 docs?
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/06/2001 09:14 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 






 
  
 
 This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged. If you 
 have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.  Please notify us 
 immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.  
 Please do not copy it or use it for any purposes, or disclose its contents to 
 any other person:  to do so could be a breach of confidence.  Thank you for 
 your co-operation.  Please contact our

 if you need assistance.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We understand that the Letter Agreement is to be signed today, and attach
 for your comments a form of ENA consent to collateral assignment of the
 Letter Agreement and a form of legal opinion to be issued by in-house
 counsel to ENA.  Both documents are conditions precedent to funding.
 
 Kind regards
 Isabel
 
 
  - NY003700425.DOC
  - NY003699617.DOC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
