
 
 Please do.  I"m on a long conference call.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 

   
  
 
 Kay:
 
 E-mail delivery sounds fine.  Per the letter agreement, we need to submit
 the final form of the Turbine Contract and a blacklined version of same
 reflecting changes from the form attached to the letter agreement.   I have
 assumed that the version to be attached to the letter agreement is the

 s
 I believe this was the last draft circulated prior to execution of the
 letter agreement.
 
 Would you prefer to send these documents to Greg directly or would you like
 for me to handle this?  It appears that the blackline attached to this
 e-mail is the appropriate blackline (comparison of version 3 to version 4),
 so please confirm and let me know if you would like me to send those
 documents along to Greg.  Our transmittal will officially reference that
 "pursuant to Section 4(b) of the Letter Agreement, we have enclosed...."
 
 Please advise as to handling.  Thanks.
 
 Carolyn M. Campbell
 King=01;& Spalding=20
 713-276-7307 (phone)
 713-751-3280 (fax)

 =01;
 
 
 

  
 
 YIPPEEE.
 
 Carolyn,  I think we should tender by email.
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/12/2001 04:04
 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 
   
  
 
 I've reviewed the agreement and we are back in "sync".  Unless Kent has
 anything to add, we're good to go on this end.
 
    Cc: Pipitone, Paul
  
 
 
 Attached please find the latest Salmon Energy Turbine Agreement (second
 document below), as well as a blackline (first document below) showing
 changes made to the version circulated on April 2.  This version
 contains Lee's changes to Exhibits A, A-1, B and B-1.  No changes were
 made to the Maximum Liability Amount, Purchase Amount or Unit Liability
 Amount. Power System Stabilizers are included in the scope.  To complete
 the agreement, we will need to insert the date of execution and Exhibit
 H-2.
  <<Comparison of Salmon Energy Agreement, Versions 3 to 4.DOC>>
 <<Salmon Energy Agreement - Version 4.DOC>>
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended=20
 exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This=20
 communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or=20
 confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not t=
 he=20
 named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or=20
 disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this=20
 message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete=
 =20
 all copies of the message.
 
 
 
 
