
 
 Carolyn,
 
 We are good to go  on the ENA consent.
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 

   
  
 
 
 Kay:
 
 The enclosed ENA Consent looks fine to me, but you may wish to run this by
 Sheila Tweed, as she had a specific request on the NY court jurisdiction
 language.  We initially advised Isabel Parker that Enron would accept NY
 federal court jurisdiction but not jurisdiction of NY state courts.  She did
 not take our comment, and Enron subsequently said it would accept
 jurisdiction of commercial courts in Manhattan, but not state courts
 generally (language suggested by Sheila Tweed through Carlos Sole).   Isabel
 has drafted the revised version to delete reference to NY state courts
 altogether and to limit the federal courts reference to those located in the
 borough of Manhattan.  Please review and advise.
 
 Carolyn M. Campbell
 King?& Spalding
 713-276-7307 (phone)
 713-751-3280 (fax)

 
 
 
 
    Cc: PARKER, Isabel; O'BRIEN, Lisa
  
 
 This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged. If you
 have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.  Please notify
 us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your
 system.  Please do not copy it or use it for any purposes, or disclose its
 contents to any other person:  to do so could be a breach of confidence.
 Thank you for your co-operation.  Please contact our

 if you need assistance.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Attached please find a clean and blacklined version with the most recent
 changes to this document.  We now believe that the document should be in
 final form but please let us know if you have further comments.
 
 Regards,
 Nick Van Dusen
 
 
 Tel: 212-284-4984
 FAX: 212-277-4001

 
 
 
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
 exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
 communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
 confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
 named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
 disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
 message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
 all copies of the message.
 
  - COMPARE001.DOC
  - NY003699617.DOC
 
