
 
 Hi Ben,
 
 IMHO, your team needs a basic understanding of the finance and accounting 
 issues.  Legal should have a bit more of a developed (and probably current) 
 understanding of how to address the issues.  Between Development and Legal, 
 we should be able to get docs about 90% there.  We then take the almost 
 compliant docs to Accting/Finance for fine tuning.  
 
 A key action item is getting a presentation set up where there is a good 
 download of information from Acct/Finance to the Development group.  We had 
 one yesterday for Legal, and it was helpful.  I want to sit in when your 
 troops get the presentation, if at all possible, because I can help translate 
 on both sides, I believe.  I also want to make sure that Development and 
 Legal are on the same page.  Fire drill avoidance is a key objective.
 
 Look forward to discussing in detail.
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 

   
  
 Kay:
 
 As I mentioned, this e-mail was the product of a meeting this week with 
 Duran, Deffner, Bills and me. I need your help to make this work with respect 
 to the legal group, and would like your suggestions. I'll call you to discuss.
 
 Regards,
 
 Ben
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Ben Jacoby/HOU/ECT on 05/10/2001 06:54 PM 
 ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
 Sent by: Ben Jacoby
  Rick Whitaker, Fred Mitro, Rusty Stevens, Ron Tapscott, Matt Gimble
   
 Guys:
 
 As you all know, our group is in the middle of a very significant amount of 
 development and equipment book management activity, This hard work by all of 
 you has allowed us to achieve very impressive income results thus far this 
 year, and has set the stage for continued success. It has also placed 
 significant demands on internal resources that are integral to our success, 
 in particular those resources in Global Finance, Accounting, and Legal. 
 
 In order to ensure a proper prioritization of work flow, and that project 
 specific objectives and time lines are communicated, I need each of you to 
 come to me with all new agreements prior to seeking input from Accounting and 
 Global Finance. I will interface with these two groups and establish 
 priorities for their review.
 
 We will continue to refine how we interface with these groups, and as such, 
 I'd appreciate any suggestions you would have. I plan to have a staff meeting 
 next week, and we can discuss it at that time.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Ben
 
