
 
 One project co is good enough.
 
 ckm
 
 
    
  
 Kay, 
 One of the first things we do after we execute an option agreement is to get 
 into the interconnect queue.  To do so, we must enter into an interconnect 
 study agreement and in the past we have entered into these agreements using 
 the same project agreement that has the option agreement.  Are you saying 
 that we need two project companies for each project: one for the option 
 agreement and one for the interconnect study agreement?  As you may know, it 
 has taken 11 months to get to the point in the Midway project from the time 
 we executed an interconnect study agreement with FPL to today when we are 
 ready to begin negotiating a construction and connection agreement.  Would 
 you please clarify the issue for me? 
 
  
    Cc: Krause, Greg
  
 Okay.  I will set up a new LLC (Homestead Development Company, LLC, if 
 available).  Would it be preferable for its sole member to be Lauderdale Land 
 Development Company, LLC or ENA?
 
  
     
 I wouldn't use  an LLC with an prior history.  We might have to get the old 
 stuff approved in order to put the equity into TurboPark.  If the LLC paid 
 for an interconnect study, it could be a hard cost and we are dead.
 
 I know this seems silly, but hey, it is!
 
 ckm
 
 
    
  
 We have decided to use:  Voyager Development Company, L.L.C. for the new 
 Homestead land option.  We had initially planned to use it for an option that 
 we let go (Option Agreement never got assigned to Voyager either).  According 
 to Greg Krause, the only thing associated with Voyager was an old 
 interconnect study request that was paid for and never used.  I feel 
 confident that Voyager is "clean" to use.
 
 Kathleen
  
     
 I talked to Kay about the new land option Greg will be negotiating this 
 weekend in Homestead.  She said to put the options in the terminal company, 
 not Lauderdale Land, LLC as you had suggested.  Pick one of the other LLCs 
 for me and let me know the name.
 
 Thanks.
 
 
 
 
