
 
 FYI, and for us to discuss.
 
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 09/27/2000 10:33 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 

   
  
 Kay,
 
 I will be preparing the loan documents for the joint venture with Peoples.  I 
 understand that the loans will be unsecured but cross guarantied (i.e., Enron 
 will guaranty the People's loans and vice versa), but I have several 
 additional, basic questions re:  the terms of the Enron loan and the 
 intercreditor arrangements with Peoples. 
 
 In terms of beginning drafting the loan documents, answers to questions 6(a) 
 and 8 would be extremely helpful in selecting an appropriate form.
 
 1.  People's loan agreement -- will it be an exact clone of ours?
 
 2.  Guaranties -- will the cross-guaranties guaranty payment to the other 
 venturer of all unpaid amounts under such venturer's loan agreement, or will 
 they instead function more as an intercreditor/sharing agreement (i.e., if 
 one venturer receives a payment that the other does not, the paid venturer 
 will share its payment ratably with the unpaid venturer)?
 
 3.  Intercreditor Issues/Exercise of remedies -- Please confirm that there is 
 to be no 100% lender vote requirement for acceleration, etc., and that each 
 venturer can pursue remedies with respect to its loan independently (although 
 I presume the facilities will be cross defaulted). 
 
 4.  Advancing mechanics -- besides requiring ratable advances with the 
 People's facility, will there be any conditions precedent to advances other 
 than the typical no default/representations true & correct/no MAC?
 
 5.  Repayment -- will there be any commitment step-downs/mandatory 
 prepayments?
 
 6.  Interest -- what will the (a) interest rate basis and (b) margin be?
 
 7.  Fees -- Will there be any sort of upfront fee?  What will the commitment 
 fee be? (And what will the amount of Enron's commitment be?)
 
 8.  Lender(s) -- Does Enron intend to keep its revolver as a single lender 
 facility, or should we provide for a syndicated arrangement?
 
 9.  Other information -- When will specific financial covenant information be 
 available? 
 
 Please call me at 713.221.1419 regarding the foregoing.  I look forward to 
 working with you on this transaction.  
 
 Thanks!
 
 Heather
 
 
