
 
 Have you had a chance to talk with Dave B. on any of this?  It might be 
 helpful for you to put a call in to Tom Martin today to give him your phone 
 number and to let him know that you are working closely with Dave and that 
 you are available for any questions.  Nothing may come up, but I think that 
 Tom would feel better with this gesture.  Probably wouldn't hurt to log the 
 same call or e:mail in to the rest of the guys on the list.  That will give 
 all of them a feeling of continuity with regard to information from Dave on 
 this project.  Do you have contact information for Brenda?  If not, I would 
 get that from Yvette Convey, her assistant.  She is making the rounds with 
 Patrick Conner and the corporate development team, doing site visits on two 
 additional paper mills that we may purchase.  
 
 Thanks.  --Sally  
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Sally Beck/HOU/ECT on 08/28/2000 08:50 AM 
 ---------------------------
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 



   
 To date, my primary duties have been to oversee the internal valuation of the 
 contracts, and their unwind costs in our Risk books.  I have also been 
 involved with the Entex contract valuation.  Dave Baumbach has been the real 
 key to providing the data, and has all of the information.  Steve Jackson is 
 talking with Ed McMichael of Structuring on Monday to get some additional 
 eyes and resources looking at this also.  I feel we have done a thorough job, 
 but we do need everyone thinking of "what if's."  Our risk books are complex, 
 with many hand-offs internally.  Obviously our goal is to ensure that all of 
 the stones have been turned, and there are no surprises at the end of the 
 day.  I think Structuring will really be helpful in this arena.  After our 
 meeting yesterday, I believe everyone is much more comfortable in our 
 approach.  There were a couple of things that Dave was going to follow-up on 
 (Fixed-price deals, especially Calpine).
 
 FYI:  I will be out of town on another project all of the week of 8/28 - 9/1, 
 and Tuesday, 9/5 and Wednesday, 9/6.  I have made arrangements to ensure that 
 I am in Houston on Thursday, 9/7 and Friday, 9/8 for the first visit to the 
 Triple Lutz data room.  
 
 In my absence next week, I want to reiterate to each of you that I am 
 available, and will have the Triple Lutz data with me.  If any issues come up 

 713-853-5953, and she will get in touch with me.  Once again, DO NOT HESITATE 
 TO CALL ME!!!  I do not want anything falling through the cracks!
