
 
 got it. Does Genuity know that we want some changes yet?
 
 
     
 
 I don't have an electronic copy, however,  I just  asked Amy to forward it to you with all subsequent amendments
  
 A
 
 
     
 
 Haven't done anything with it since there hasn't been any activity.  If we think that we want to do something, it would be helpful to get a copy of the master.  I don't think I still have a copy.  I can probably look it up on Spotlight, but if you have an electronic file handy I would be most grateful.
  
 Kay
 
 
     
 
 Kay,
  
 Do you have a status on this?  We have a deal in the works that would require us signing their paper.
  
 Please let me know.
  
 Arshak
 
     
 
 RE: Genuity master issues
 
     
 
  
 
     
 
 Kay,
  
 We need to incorporate the following components into the Genuity Solutions Inc. Master Agreement:
 
 We need a parent guarantee from Genuity Inc. ($10MM) and are willing to reciprocate (Enron Corp. $10MM).  We need to insert Events of Default with respect to guarantor. (Credit Support Annex section 4 and 5 from our MSA) 
 We need to insert netting (MSA section 6.4) and close-out setoff (MSA section 5.7). 
 We need to insert the ability to request financial statements from the Guarantor if they are not publicly available (MSA section 8). 
 The assignment language needs to be re-amended.  Both parties can only assign to an affiliate that is at least as creditworthy as the existing - i.e. we need to maintain the parent guarantee. (MSA section 10.4). The current amendment is unclear whether or not Genuity is the only party allowed to assign to an affiliate. 
 We need a bilateral bankruptcy event of default. (MSA section 5.1(iv)). 
 There is no clause regarding disputes of invoices.  We can use our standard language from the MSA.(Section 6.3). 
 Do we need to state that we are a forward contract merchant?
 
 Please let me know if you have any questions.
  
 Thanks,
  
 Jane Wilhite
 ext. 35063
 
 
    Cc: Wilhite, Jane
  
 
 Sounds fine.  I have a copy of what I believe to be the current master, and the confirm states that  a revised master is anticipated, and if signed, may govern the transaction. 
  
 Kay
 
  
    Cc: Wilhite, Jane 
  
 
 
 Kay, since you have been involved with Genuity, will you please followup on the proposals below.  Thank you.  Lance. 
 
 W. Lance Schuler 
 Enron North America Corp. 
 1400 Smith Street 
 Houston, Texas  77002 
 Phone: 713/853-5419 
 Fax:  281/664-4890 

 
   
    Cc:     Suarez, John; Racicot, Paul; Schuler, Lance (Legal) 
  
 Arshak - We will approve this transaction with Genuity Solutions Inc. 
 
 Please note - before any additional transactions with Genuity Solutions or Genuity Telecom occur we must amend the Master Agreement.  CRM does not approve of the form for the Master Agreement with Genuity Solutions, Inc.  There are no events of default with respect to EBS, we need to incorporate set-off language between the two affiliates and we need to push for a parent guarantee.
 
 Molly - please attach these comments to the confirmation for the file. 
 
 Lance - Can we get somebody in legal assigned to help amend this agreement? 
 
 Thanks, 
 
 Jane Wilhite 
 ext. 35063 
 
   
    Cc:     Suarez, John 
  
 Genuity MtM~($60,928) 
 
 
   
    Cc:     Suarez, John; Edison, Susan; Racicot, Paul 
  
 What is the MTM for this deal? 
 
 
 
   
    Cc:     Suarez, John; Edison, Susan; Racicot, Paul 
  
 
 
 Molly, 
 
 Please find the deal tickets attached.  Lets try to get it out (at least the Genuity piece) today. 
 
 Thanks, 
 
 Arshak. 
 
  << File: GENUITY-CORP-DEAL-TICKET-8-31-2001-AS.xls >>  << File: GENUITY-CORP-BUY-DS3-1400SMITH-8-31-2001-AS.xls >> 
