
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/26/2001 12:01 
 PM ---------------------------
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 The latest from Florida re: Pompano Beach.
 
 Kathleen
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kathleen Carnahan/NA/Enron on 03/26/2001 
 11:29 AM ---------------------------
 
 


   
  
  
 
 
 --------------------
 Cities unite to fight Enron 
 --------------------
 
 By JEREMY MILARSKY
 Staff Writer
 
 March 24, 2001
 
 Before the battle begins, it's a good idea to have some ammunition.
 
 That's why at least four cities have agreed to pay $10,000 to an 
 environmental engineering firm based in Syracuse, N.Y., to shore up 
 information about Enron Corp. and its plan to build two power plants in 
 Pompano Beach and Deerfield Beach. 
 
 Politicians in those cities want to have all the facts about the company and 
 its plans when they attend a Monday evening public hearing hosted by the 
 state Department of Environmental Protection. State officials planned the 
 hearing, scheduled for 7:30 p.m. at the Pompano Beach Civic Center, in order 
 to hear concerns and comments about the state agency's plan to grant a permit 
 allowing Enron to build the plant.
 
 The cities -- which so far include Coconut Creek, Margate, Coral Springs and 
 Parkland -- have hired O'Brien and Gere Engineering Inc. for $10,000, said 
 Dave Rivera, assistant city manager of Coconut Creek. City commissioners in 
 North Lauderdale are considering joining the deal. If they do, each city will 
 pay the firm $2,000.
 
 If they hope to sink Enron's plans, city officials concede the task won't be 
 easy. The company has plants all over the world, and Enron CEO Kenneth Lay 
 happens to be friends with President Bush.
 
 "Do I think there's a chance to defeat them?" North Lauderdale Mayor Gary 
 Frankel said. "Well, I bet they have more money than God. But we have to 
 protect our interests."
 
 A second element of the cities' deal with O'Brien and Gere calls for the 
 engineers to look for any evidence the cities can use to ask the DEP for a 
 formal administrative hearing on the proposed plants. 
 
 "We're reviewing what has been submitted by Enron," said David Priddy, 
 regional marketing manager for O'Brien and Gere. "We're prepping [city 
 officials] for the Monday hearing, and we're advising them on the possibility 
 of an administrative review."
 
 Some people who live in and around Pompano Beach, as well as the politicians 
 who represent them, have concerns about Enron Corp. The company wants to 
 build a 510-megawatt plant south of Sample Road and east of Florida's 
 Turnpike in Pompano, along with a similar plant on Green Road in Deerfield 
 Beach.
 
 Both plants would burn clean natural gas, and according to the company, there 
 would be little effect on North Broward's air quality. Enron spokesman Eric 
 Thode said he welcomes a review by O'Brien and Gere. He predicted the firm 
 will conclude, as state officials did, that the plant will be mostly harmless.
 
 "If they want to analyze the same things that the DEP did, they're going to 
 find the same things," Thode said. "This is a state- of-the-art plant that 
 will benefit South Floridians."
 
 As a back-up fuel, the plant may burn diesel fuel, which emits some 
 pollutants into the air. That has Coral Springs Mayor John Sommerer worried, 
 because his city is often downwind from Pompano Beach. "We would agree to 
 back off if they agree to burn solely natural gas," he said.
 
 Opposition is also forming in Deerfield Beach, where Mayor Al Capellini has 
 formed a committee to gather more information about Enron's plans for a plant 
 there.
 
 The public hearing for the plant's state permit will be from 7:30 to 9 p.m. 
 Monday at the Pompano Beach Civic Center, 1801 NE Sixth St.
 

 
 
 
 Copyright (c) 2001, South Florida Sun-Sentinel 
 
 Visit OrlandoSentinel.com
 
 
 
