
 
 FYI.  I don't know what I think about this email.  I will say that I've heard 
 good things about Clark, but haven't worked with him.  Also, there is a big 
 difference between a transmission project and a power project, since 
 tranmission assets are treated differently from an accounting standpoint.  
 Obviously, I don't consider the question of who is handling this (internally 
 or externally) to be resolved, pending further discussions.
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/24/2001 03:12 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 

   
  
 Understand from John Moore that there is a new solid fuel power project being 
 discussed for the Brownsville area, and that you will be involved.  I would 
 really like to talk to you about this at your convenience.  As you may know 
 from John, we have been very involved with the Tex Mex transmission line 
 project that we have done with BPUB and that has just received board 
 approval.  We have a very good relationship, I believe, with BPUB, the Port 
 of Brownsville and their respective counsel from that transaction.  John also 
 seems to believe the deals with BPUB and the Port will be structured along 
 the same lines as the transmission project, and as the draftsmen for not only 
 the docs with BPUB, but also the Port,  we are also obviously very familiar 
 with these documents as well.  
 
 Could we possibly talk about this project at your convenience?  We would 
 really like to do a deal with you and your team and given our background on 
 the first project, it would seem to make a lot of sense from your point of 
 view as well.  I would be happy to drop by to discuss staffing, timing, etc. 
 whenever it would work best for you.  
 
 Many thanks - look forward to hearing from you.
 
 cgt
 
 Clark G. Thompson, Jr.
 Bracewell & Patterson, L.L.P.
 711 Louisiana, Suite 2900
 Houston, Texas  77002-2781
 Phone: 713.221.1477
 Fax:      713.221.2116

 
 CONFIDENTIALITY STATEMENT:
 This information is intended only for the use of the individual or
 entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is
 privileged, confidential, and/or exempt from disclosure under applicable
 law.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified
 that any dissemination of this information is strictly prohibited.  If
 you have received this information in error, please notify us
 immediately by telephone at (713) 221-1477 or by fax at (713) 221-2116,
 and confirm that you have destroyed this information and any copies.
 Thank you.
 
 
