
 
 Hi Jeff,
 
 I don't know if you are picking up email, but just in case,  here's a 
 description of the Roundtable.
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/13/2001 08:28 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 


 
  
 Dear Kay,
 
 Confirming our discussion, The Texas Lawyer has asked King & Spalding to
 organize a Roundtable Discussion of lawyers and business people to discuss
 how the two professions relate to each other in the context of complex
 business transactions. 
 
 The Roundtable would take place privately in a conference room in our
 offices with a court reporter recording the discussion, which would then be
 published in an upcoming issue of the newspaper. Participants will have the
 opportunity to edit their remarks before they are published. John Cogan will
 be co-chairman of the proceedings with our partner, Chris LaFollette.  I
 unfortunately cannot attend as I will be out of town. 
 
 The Discussion will take place on Thursday, March 15, from 2 to 3:30. We
 will hold a planning session over lunch in one of our conference rooms from
 12:30 to 2. No other preparation would be required.
 
 You would be a terrific representative from Enron to join us and provide
 Enron's perspective. Please confirm your attendance as soon as you get the
 internal approvals by calling John Cogan at 713.276.7371 or by e-mail at

 
 Best regards,
 John
 
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
 exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
 communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
 confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
 named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
 disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
 message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
 all copies of the message.
 
 
 
