
 
 Hi Marisa,
 
 Please send the forms to Carlos also since for 2, 3, and 4 we will use the 
 same forms. Obviously, we want the economy of doing this once for both 
 transactions.  Also, please bill the time for these forms to Carlos' deal, 
 since Blue Dog is paying for some of the development of the letter agreement 
 and the llc forms.
 
 It sure sounds like we won't be tendering a facility agreement, but until the 
 structure is agreed I would keep the letters in as place holders.
 
 Once the LLC is formed you will get the complete corporate books which will 
 have the certificates.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
 

   
  
 
 Kay:
 
 Later this afternoon, I plan to send you preliminary drafts of the following
 documents:
 
 1. Revised Letter Agreement;
 2. Escrow Agreement;
 3. Guaranty Agreement; and
 4. Promissory Note by LLC payable to ENA.
 
 In the meantime, I had a couple of questions. First, since the Blue Dog deal
 is a wholesale assignment of a contract, will I still need to prepare items
 7 and 8 on the closing checklist (letter from ENA to Prospective Buyer to
 deliver the form of Facility Agreement and letter from Buyer to ENA to
 advise regarding the Form of Facility Agreement).  Second, will you send me
 the blank certificates that will serve as the Membership Certificates for
 the LLC?  Carolyn mentioned that, in the past, these certificates have come
 from an Enron Stock Book.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Marisa
 
  <<Reuter, Maria I. (Business E-Mail Address).vcf>>
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
 exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
 communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
 confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
 named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
 disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
 message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
 all copies of the message.
 
 
  - Reuter, Maria I. (Business E-Mail Address).vcf
 
