
 
 Lunch on August 2nd works well for me.  I have it on the calendar.  I am 
 planning a cook-out at my house on Sunday, July 30th for Enron summer interns 
 from OU and recent hires from OU.  Mike McConnell and his wife plan to join 
 us.  If you are in Houston, I hope that you will be able to join us too.  
 Probably around 5:00 PM -- invitations should go out in the next few days 
 with specifics.  Wanted to get the date on your calendar, however.  Let me 
 know if you will be in town.  --Sally 
 
 
 
 


   
 
 Hi Sally and Mike,
 
 Talked to Lexi Elliott and she told me about you all having lunch with
 Blake, Clay and Michelle the other day. I know that meant alot to them and
 only solidified their desire to work for Enron. Thanks for taking time out
 of your busy schedules to meet with them.
 
 Just wanted to let you know that I am scheduled to meet with Lexi and
 Shelly Jones on Wednesday, August 2nd at 11:00 a.m. We will then be going to
 lunch. Would like for both of you to join us if possible. I will bringing
 Brenda Peters, who is with OU Career Services, down with me. She wanted to
 come down with me and see Enron and meet both Lexi and Shelly, especially
 Lexi, since she is the new OU contact for Enron. Brenda wants to make sure
 everything is on schedule for this Fall recruiting. Lexi will be coming to
 OU in early August to tour the campus and I will introduce her to Tim Rasnic
 (JC Penney Leadership Program Director) and Dean Evans along with other
 Department Heads in the Price College of Business. That way she should feel
 comfortable when Enron comes to campus in October. If you are available and
 would like to join us why don't you either let me know or else have your
 assistants contact Lexi and let her know. If you would like to suggest a
 time and place to meet, please feel free to do so.
 
 If you can't make lunch and need to visit with me about anything, let me
 know and I will arrange my schedule to meet with you. I will be in Houston
 that entire week making my rounds.
 
 Hope your summers have been going well and have been able to spend time with
 your families.
 
 Look forward to hopefully having lunch on August 2nd.
 
 Take care.
 
 Ted K. Jacobs
 Director Energy Management
 The University of Oklahoma
 307 West Brooks, Room 218
 Norman, OK  73019-4007
 405-325-0758
 405-325-2096 fax

 Website: www.ou.edu/business/em
 
 
 
  - C.DTF
 
