
 
 I'll send you the final doc's so we can discuss.  I generated the forms, then 
 finance and the banks commented on the forms.
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 

 01/23/2001 12:49 PM
   
  purchase option  
 
 Hi Kay.  How are things??  I'm trying to educate myself (always a scary 
 proposition) on moving equipment out of TurboPark, since hopefully we will 
 have the need to do that soon for Pastoria.  Any further thinking on the 
 whole topic beyond what you've provided below?  Like where I can find forms 
 of the B of S and Assignment docs?  And, did you do the docs, or does finance 
 (I kind of assume we take the laboring oar on all of these, but thought I'd 
 see what your experience proved to be).  Please give me a ring when 
 convenient.  Thanks.
 
 
 

 01/03/2001 07:03 AM



   purchase option
 
 I am working on a deal to move TurboPark equipment into Enron owned LLC's, 
 with a simultaneous sale of  80% of the equity to a third party.  This deal 
 is supposed to close by Jan 15, so I'm getting a crash course on TurboPark 
 and how to get stuff out of it during the early phase.  I thought I would 
 share what I'm learning, if nothing else as a form of therapy.
 
 Attached to the email is what I believe to be the proper form of notice to 
 take something out of TurboPark.  Five to fifteen business days' notice is 
 required.
 
 There will be other documents involved as well:
 
 Bill of Sale
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement
 UCC releases, if applicable (UCC filings are made on all delivered equipment)
 
 I suspect a consent by the equipment seller may also be required.  More to 
 come on this one.
 
 As I learn more about the process I will keep you advised.
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/03/2001 08:52 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 
 Kay Mann
 01/03/2001 08:28 AM


 
  
 I am attaching a revised draft notice of intent to exercise the purchase 
 option for the equipment for the CA transactions. We need two separate 
 notices - one for CA I and one for CA II.  Ben/Fred/Rebecca, could you please 
 prepare a draft of the two exhibits?
  
 Lisa/Catherine/Rose, I revised the form of notice to make it track the 
 participation agreement and the development and construction management 
 agreement.  
 
 I've tentatively dated the notice as of this Friday.  By my calculations, 
 Monday is our drop dead date since a waiver of the 5 day period is not an 
 option, and the deal dies if not closed by the 15th.  
 
 Ben mentioned that I should be drafting a "release letter" for the banks 
 and/or DevCo. It would be a big help if someone could point me to the section 
 in the documents which set forth the requirements of the release, since I'm 
 still wading through it all and haven't found the relevant language yet.  
 Also, please advise of the results of the conference call which you had with 
 the lenders (?) and/or their lawyers regarding the issue.
 
 I am working on the assignment and assumption agreement.
 
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
