
 
 No one has said anything to me about closing next week.  Lee Johnson is on 
 vacation next week also, so GE won't be around.
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 

   
  
 Do we have the anticipated closing date for the LV Cogen deal?  I wasn't
 planning on returning to the office until January 3.
 
 
    Cc: Thompson, Peter J.
  
 
 EECC may have this.  Can you check with whoever your team is working
 with,
 or do you want a copy job of what was in the master agreement?
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/22/2000
 09:17
 AM ---------------------------
 
 

 

 
  
 Exhibit B-1 was not in the electronic version of the West LB Agreement.
 Do you have an electronic version of this?  If not, can we get a copy
 from Lee?
 
 


  
 
 
 For Las Vegas the West LB exhibit is the appropriate Exhibit.
 
 
 
 
  (Embedded     Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.
  image moved

                12/21/2000 09:48 AM
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Larsen

   
 
 For the Enron South America and CA Development deals, we have used the
 attached Exhibit B-1 (with all changes accepted).  Should this also be
 used for the other deals as well or should we use the B-1 from the West
 LB Agreement?
 
 





  PurchaseAgreemen t
 
 
 
 Kay,
 
 I had a copy of the last redline for Exhibit B-1.  Don't have execution
 copy.
 
 On Exhibit h-2, Training -- I'll look for it, but think Kathy had it
 last to
 identify it as H-2.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Lee
 





  Agreemen t
 
 
 
 Lee (and others),
 
 Exhibit B is the EECC spec, right? I do not know if I have an electronic
 version.  If locating it is a problem, we can copy what we have unless
 there is some reason to handle it otherwise.
 
 Exhibit H-2 is the S & S training program dated 2/3/00.  Lee/Mike, do
 you
 have more copies of that document that we can attach?
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 

 




 
  Agreemen
       t
 
 
 Folks,
 
 John Ayres and I went through the Facility Agreement and Exhibits for
 the
 ESA Turbine Purchase Agreement.  There were a few edits needed on
 Guarantee
 Basis (F-1) and Scope of Supply Exhibits (B and N-2).  Also, one change
 to
 the Emissions Test Exhibit.
 
 John and I believe other than adding in the other Exhibits B-1 and H-2,
 this
 is ready for execution copy.  Kay, please add these in for the final
 circulation.
 
 Also, on the contract, a number of redlines were required to reflect
 scope
 of supply (addition of interconnect piping to cooling tower, unit
 liability
 amount, payment schedule adjustment and retention amount, guaranteed
 performance levels net of all GE supplied equipment aux. loads,
 guaranteed
 delivery schedule for purchased options.
 
 This should be ready to go, subject to a final review of the entire
 contract
 document.
 
 
 Regards,
 
 Lee
 
 
    Cc: Johnson, Lee L (PS, SSEP); Shoemaker, Kent (GEAE); Cheryl. Lipshutz
 (E-mail); Roseann Engeldorf (E-mail); Brett. R. Wiggs (E-mail); Ben.
 Jacoby (E-mail); Pipitone, Paul; Taylor, Rob; Cobb, Chris
  Agreement
 
 
 Kay,
 
 I edited the Termination Schedule replacing the term Purchase Amount per
 unit to Unit Liability Amount for consistency with the new structure.
 
 Lee
 
 
    Cc: Lee. Johnson (E-mail); Kent. Shoemaker (E-mail); Cheryl. Lipshutz
 (E-mail); Roseann Engeldorf (E-mail); Brett. R. Wiggs (E-mail); Ben.
 Jacoby (E-mail); Pipitone, Paul; Taylor, Rob; Cobb, Chris
  
 
  <<Exhibits to Gas Turbine Purchase Agreement - without notations.DOC>>
 
 This is the most recent draft of the exhibits.
 
 The following items need to be added to complete the exhibits:
 
 1.   Exhibits B-1 and H-2 need to be added.
 
 2.   If one is warranted, a Seller Parent Guarantee should be
 included as Exhibit C-1.
 
 3.   Does Exhibit F need to be updated and revised before signing?
 
 4.   In Section 3.1 of Exhibit K, the terms "Specific Date" and
 "Recovery Schedule" are not defined.
 
 5.   For Exhibit T, please confirm that Enron has received all
 documents that it should have received by now.
 
 
 
 (See attached file: Enron South America Turbine Agreement (version 4 to
 5)
 _GEredline121100.DOC)
 (See attached file: Exhibits to Gas Turbine Purchase Agreement - without
 notations_GEredline121100.DOC)
 
 
 
 (See attached file: SS_Final Exhibit B-1(rev 4)_ENRONCOMMENTS_R2.doc)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
