
 
 Correct.  If all we were doing was buying the property, you wouldn't have the 
 timing restriction.  You lose one layer of optionality.
 
 
 
    
  
 So if we buy the property before the LLC is owned by ENext the entire project 
 goes on the balance sheet since we will be committed to building a road and 
 stormwater system.  There we all must be aware that we can not close on the 
 property until the LLC is owned by ENext.  Do you agree?
 
  
     
 Put the land on the balance sheet is a forgiveable sin.  Incurring any other 
 type of  hard costs puts the entire project (whatever that may be) on the 
 balance sheet.
 
 Kay
 
 
    
  
 If we buy the property before the LLC is owned by ENext, wouldn't the big 
 concern be that we've put $1.8 million of land plus an additional $900,000 or 
 so of obligations to build road and stormwater system on the balance rather 
 than the rather small ongoing costs related to maintainance of the road and 
 system?
 
  
     
 As I understand it, if the option is exercised (and the property bought) 
 prior to the time the LLC is owned by ENext, there is a balance sheet 
 impact.  
 
 
    
  
 Probable time for them to bless the agreements; however, since these 
 documents will not be executed until after closing, the obligations created 
 under the Property Owners Association should not have a balance sheet impact.
 
  
     
 Greg and Ben,
 
 So is it about time to get Lisa, Herman and Rose involved in the PAD stuff?
 
 Kay
 
 
    
  
 Kay,
 
 A&K did the title committment work and is now working on the Property 
 Association Documents (as is Greenberg Traurig in West Palm Beach).  Ann 
 Elizabeth's
 last email message to me before she went on vacation was that A&K was the 
 designated hitter for the Midway Project.    You have been copied on those 
 docs which we desparately need to get to Cooney Midway Groves, the property 
 owner.  As far as I know, they have not been involved in anything else 
 related to Midway this year.
 
 Christi left me a message saying that Lloyd Will or one of his guys needs to 
 review the Interconnction Agreement. I do not know Lloyd.
 
 Greg
 
 PS we had a good meeting with DERM on the landfill closure issues in the 
 Certosa Holdings deal.   I'll try to reach you this afternoon to discuss.  
 
 
  
  
     
 How much involvement has A & K had on Midway?  I have other counsel engaged 
 for the sale, but this falls into a different category.  
 
 Kay
 
 
    
  
 Please see attachment below with Christi's comments.
 
 
 
 
    Cc: Krause, Greg; Nicolay, Christi
  
 
 Kay:
 
 Greg has Christi's comments on the FPL Construction & Connection Agreement, 
 and he will be sending us those comments today in a marked document. Have we 
 engaged outside counsel to review this agreement? I'd like to have a 
 commercial / legal review fully completed, and then get accounting / finance 
 to comment. I this something you were planning to have Carlos to work on 
 given his recent work on ComEd and Ameren?
 
 Please let me know. Thanks.
 
 Attached is the original generic form of FPL Connection and Construction 
 Agreement for your reference.
 
 Ben
 
 
 
 
  << File: FPL Construction  Connection Agreement Generic.doc >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
