
 
 How much is it and should this be the final amount?  One thought I have is 
 that maybe we can retool the option agreement so that we pay them a flat fee, 
 which is enough to cover the expenditures.  Don't know if this works, but it 
 is one thought.  What do you think?
 
 Kay
 
 
    
  
 One more thing on the SDEC project:  According to the option agreement we 
 executed last October, we agreed to reimburse Certosa Holdings for actual 
 third party costs that they incurred in support of our necessary 
 applications, submittals and in seeking local approval.  Several weeks ago, 
 we recieved an invoice from Shutts & Bowen, attorney for Certosa Holdings 
 requesting reimbursement pursuant to the contract.  I forwarded this invoice 
 on th Ann Elizabeth not necessarily to pay for but to review considering this 
 whole soft cost hard cost discussion.  I recieved another call this morning 
 from Shutts & Bowen asking about the invoice.  What should I do? 
  
     
 Greg,
 
 You can call me on whatever you have, including Midway, SDEC and Medley 
 Dunn.  If I have a problem getting to something, I'll find help.
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 Kay,
 
 Ann Elizabeth did not provide a designated hitter for the South Dade Energy 
 Center (Dade Development Company LLC is Optionee, Certosa Holdings is 
 Optionor) nor did she provide one for tne Medley Dunn project.  I have been 
 told that the Dunns are considering backing off their ultimatums that they 
 gave Ann Elizabeth and I regarding taxes to the town and assumption of 
 enviromental liability.  Who do I talk to about the Dunn contract while Ann 
 Elizabeth is out?  
  
    Kathleen
 Cc: Milligan, Taffy
  
 Kay Mann is the designated hitter for the Pompano and Deerfied projects while 
 I'm on vacation.  I've given her a down load of the status of Greg and 
 Steve's projects.  Chris Boehler at A&K will be the designated hitter for 
 Midway.  I'm not going to check my voice mail while I'm gone but, if 
 necessary, here are the contact numbers while I'm gone.
 

 

 
 If you call, Walter and Bernhard and Bernhard's daughter, Susanne, speak very 
 good English.  Monika's isn't bad.  Marlena may get flustered and hang up on 
 you.
 
 Best of luck at Deerfield and hope to see Pompano on track when I get back in 
 the office on June 11th.  Kay is planning on going to Florida on June 12 for 
 the moratorium hearing and the rezoning hearing.
 
 
 
 
