
 
 Well I say book all three nights if the cancellation policy is ok, and let's 
 go for it.  Jack to the doggie spa, Michael with Paige.
 
 
 
 
 
 


   
  
 Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, the 26, 27 and 28.
 
 
     
 
 
 Which nights do they have?
 
 
 
 

 

 
  cc:
 
  
 Not at all!
 I forgot to ask you about The Box this morning when we talked on the phone.
 I will make sure it's put together tonight, but not sealed if there are any
 last minute items that come to mind, and take it to the post office
 tomorrow
 morning. I will call and make reservations after checking the cancellation
 policy. What days do you want, or should we wait to hear back from Paige?
 
 
     
 
 Am I begging too much?
 
 Can you mail her package tomorrow?  I meant to ask today, but I got home so
 late I didn't get things together.  I put one of Michael's airplane
 pictures in there.
 
 If all else fails we can take Michael to Fort Worth.  My mom would love to
 watch him as she wants him to be exposed to Fort Worth culture.  (a better
 grade of  bean dip).
 
 I'm very excited!!!!
 
 Love,
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 12/05/2000 01:01
 PM ---------------------------
 
 
 Kay Mann
 12/05/2000 12:58 PM
 
  cc:
 
  
 Hi,
 
 You must be busy these days.  I remember this time of year - and I don't
 really miss it.  Cleaning and exercising were my favorite procrastination
 activities.
 
 Neil and I would like to schedule a brief Neil and Kay vacation over the
 holidays.  We are looking at December 27-30, so we would be back before New
 Year's Eve.  We will pay you handsomely (in cash!!!) for keeping Michael
 for those days/nights.  What do you think?  We have found a room at the Inn
 Above Onion Creek.  I know Michael would be so excited to spend the time
 with you. We can give you guys a generous allowance to make things easier,
 and you can drive the Lexus.
 
 Do I sound like I'm begging yet?  I'm working really hard these days, and a
 few days of no responsibilities sounds GREAT.
 
 You should start watching your box at the end of the week.  Hope it gets
 there before Saturday, since I know the SU post office is closed.
 
 Love,
 
 Mom
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
