
 
 Is the October 13, rev 3 the final version?
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 
 Rusty Stevens
 11/01/2000 12:26 PM
   
  
 The tract is a 29.46 acre parcel that is just west of the site for our 
 plant.  We need to secure it to prevent other houses from being built on our 
 perimeter (sound receptors).  We have just worked hard to buy the other two 
 houses adjacent to the property to fix this problem.  Its a nice situation 
 since the tract is long and narrow, so we get maximum sound receptor 
 protection for minimal acreage purchases.  I had sent a memo to Karen Way a 
 while back asking them to work on this and you cautioned me to make sure I 
 ran kick off of outside counsel on a project past you first (if that jogs 
 your memory).  
 
 Anyway, this is a finishing touch on Pontiac, and I have promised the 
 landowner a document a while back, so I would appreciate our turning it to 
 him in the near future.  I have been preoccupied on some stuff in Florida, 
 but feel badly that we haven't gotten this out to this guy sooner.  I will 
 make the apology phone call (blame the big company lawyers - of course) and 
 let him know its on its way and not to give up on us.
 
 Kathleen and I have already discussed this today.
 
 How's everything going by the way ?  Long time no see.
 
 
 
 
 Kay Mann
 11/01/2000 11:27 AM
   
  
 Rusty,
 
 You are going to have to refresh my recollection as to this piece of land.  
 Kathleen, could you please get with Rusty or Fred to see what's up.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 Rusty Stevens
 10/31/2000 11:26 AM

  
  
 I wanted to send out a reminder to everyone that I had indicated to Mr. 
 Schaeffer that we would be sending him a document last week and to suggest 
 that we try to get something out to him this week if at all possible.  
 
 Since our critical final zoning vote is next Thursday, I want to make sure we 
 don't give him any reason to get "up in arms" over this issue and start 
 thinking we have just been leading him along without intending to follow 
 through on the deal.  Mark and Karen have done such an exemplary job on the 
 zoning (record time) that I don't want anything to get in our way at the 
 final moment.  Mr. Schaeffer is one of the wealthier and more influential 
 farmers in the area, and has thus far been pretty quiet at the meetings, 
 however, he pointedly cornered me at the end of our last meeting to ask about 
 this issue.  Lets keep him happy.
 
 Please let me know if we can get it out this week, so I can call him and 
 apologize for the delay and give him a new improved delivery date of the 
 draft documents.
 
 
 Thanks.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
