
 
 Mr. Keffer,
 
 Asking this crowd to vote was like throwing chum to sharks.
 
 Kay
 
 

 
  
 The problem is that the two pictures are so dramatically different from each 
 other and present two completely different views of Mr. Keffer.   #1 looks 
 very respectable, likeable, and professional, whereas #2 looks  very 
 professional, likeable, and respectable.   Real hard call, but I think you go 
 with #1. 
 
 Besides, the exposure and contrast on #1  looks better - its darker. I have 
 seen paper city photo (was that a swimsuit?), but urge you to avoid any 
 pictures in a tank with a tankers helmet on.
 
 
 

 	10/30/2000 07:01 AM
 		

 		  
 Carlos, you have much  wisdom for such a young buckeroo.
 
 If Debbie can't decide and if you can't use the PaperCity photo (it realy is 
 a good pic), I'd go with the first one.  I must say that all of them look 
 pretty, well, serious.  Kinda Gore-like, you know.  
 
 Ok, that was a low blow.  I was just kidding!!
 
 Kay
 
 

 
  
 I would opt for the photo that you had in your Paper City article about you 
 being the commentator at the polo matches as that photo conveyed a more 
 rugged and stylish image.  I see these pictures and think -- "Al Gore, no 
 George Bush, no Al Gore, no George Bush, well I can't make up mind, is there 
 a Ralph Nader picture that I can choose from?"  All that being said, if they 
 were my pictures, I'd let my wife decide, otherwise, I'd be subject to an 
 eternity of second-guessing.
 
 
 
 

 	10/27/2000 03:32 PM
 		 


 		  		  
 
 I need your vote!
 
     
 
 Attached is a word document that contains your photos, please scroll through
 them and let me know which number you would like to use for our Marketing
 Materials and the Web site. Thank you.
 
 Callie Lacy
 Client Services
 King & Spalding
 404.572.3029
 
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
 exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
 communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
 confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
 named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
 disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
 message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
 all copies of the message.
 
 
  - Doc1.doc
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
