
 
 Allyson,
 
 Thank you for the email.  It seems to stop in mid sentence, so I was 
 wondering if maybe something got deleted?
 
 We have an interest in having the application for the CPCN amended to be less 
 specific on the equipment we will be using.  I believe Jeffrey may have 
 mentioned this to you before.  We would like to follow up with that now, 
 unless there is some significant problem with it.
 
 Thank you,
 
 Kay
 
 
 
 

   
  
 There would seem to me to be two questions--the threshold one is whether the
 site is within Rocky Mount's service territory.  If it is, then what
 obligation does NCNG have with respect to the construction of a delivery
 point.  I haven't reviewed the annexation statutes yet, but based on my
 initial reading of the Service Area Territory Agreement between Rocky Mount
 and NCNG, once annexed the site would come within Rocky Mount's purview to
 serve, and, although a "mutually agreeable" delivery point would have to be
 negotiated, NCNG would at least have to negotiate that in good faith.  
 
 The January 13, 1992 Service Area Territory Agreement gives Rocky Mount the
 right to distribute natural gas within the city's incorporated limits as
 well as a specified area outside the incorporated limits.   The contract
 goes on to provide that should any part of that perimeter be annexed into
 the city, "the respective rights of the parties as to service in any such
 portion shall be determined by applicable case law and the General Statutes
 of North Carolina. . ."  The contract further provides that absent an order
 of the NCUC to the contrary, NCNG agrees that Rocky Mount has the right to
 serve all end users within the "aforementioned" area--presumably referring
 to the annexed area, although the agreement is not a model of clarity.
 
 So, at least based on this language, Rocky Mount's right to serve arguably
 tracks its incorporated limits, whatever they might be.  (Jonathan and I are
 looking at annexation law to see what else might be lurking out there).  
 
 The 1992 Service agreement provides, In Article IV, provides that points of
 devliery for all natural gas purchased or transported under the agreement
 with NCNG shall be "at the following locations and other stations added at
 mutually agreeable locations in the future. . ." In the Third Amendment to
 the Natural Gas Service Agreement, dated March 10, 1997, new language and
 delivery points are negotiated upon, but the principle is still included
 that  other stations may be added at "mutually agreeable locations in the
 future."  The question which then arises is what Rocky Mount would have to
 give in exchange.  In the 1997 agreement, Rocky Mount agreed to an extention
 of terms of the of ten years, until December 6,
 
 
 
 
