
 
 Ed,
 
 Although this email was directed to EI lawyers, I was under the impression 
 that this was a Corp policy.  Maybe I was wrong.
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 07/27/2000 11:55 
 AM ---------------------------
 
 
 Dianne Langeland
 09/29/1999 01:41 PM








































































  
  
 The following is just a reiteration of the Legal Department's procedure for 
 handling Consulting and/or Service Agreements.  Attached are the current 
 authorized approval forms for these types of agreements.
 
 All executed consulting/service agreements should be sent to my attention in 
 Contract Compliance & Administration Department for input into the Legal 
 Database, filing and archiving.  Please direct any comments or questions 
 regarding this procedure to me.  I am located at 3AC-1989 and my extension is 
 6-7213.  
 
 The policy for handling consultant agreements and fee payments is as follows:
 
  (1) The Consulting Agreement must have prior approval as indicated by the 
 attached Consultant Approval Form before execution by the parties.   
   (Agreements which were entered into prior to August 8, 1999, required Joe 
 Sutton's approval rather than the Regional CEO.)
   
   
 
  (2) The fully executed agreement along with the approval form is then sent 
 to Contract Compliance & Administration in the Legal Department to 
                                 my attention for inputting into the Legal 
 Database.
 
  (3) Typically,  the consultant fees are not paid until the above has been 
 accomplished.    
 
 The policy for handling service contracts and fee payments is essentially the 
 same.  
 
  (1) The Service Contract must have prior approval as indicated by the 
 attached Service Contract Approval Form before execution by the parties.
   (Agreements which were entered into prior to August 8, 1999 required Joe 
 Sutton's approval rather than the Regional CEO.)
   
 
  (2) The fully executed agreement along with the approval is then sent to 
 Contract Compliance & Administration in the Legal Department (now to my   
 attention) for inputting into the Legal Database.
 
  (3) As with Consulting Agreement, typically,  the service contract fees are 
 not paid until the above has been accomplished.
 
 
 When we receive the fully executed agreement, along with fully executed 
 approval form, we will enter into the Legal Database.  We are unable to do so 
 without these documents.
 
 If you have any questions regarding the above, please do not hesitate to call 
 me.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Dianne
 x6-7213
