
 
 You sound like Carlos.
 
 
 
 

   
  
 nobody likes me
 
 
     
 
 Hi John,
 
 It would probably be better for me if we could reschedule, since I will be
 out of town Wed-Mon.
 
 Rain check?
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 05/01/2001 08:35
 AM ---------------------------
 
                                                       
  (Embedded                                            
  image moved                                          
  to file:        pic18819.pcx) 04/30/2001 08:00 PM                    
                                                       
                                                       
                                                       
 
 
 

 
 
   
  
 Unfortunately, I have a public hearing in Florida that I have to attend.
 Thanks for the invite, though.
 
 Regards,
 
 Ben
 
 
 

 
  cc:
  
 Ben-let me know if you can join me for an Astros game on May 8 (Tuesday) at
 7:05.  Kay is coming as well.
 
 Regards
 
 John L. Keffer
 King & Spalding
 713 751 3255
 713 751 3280 (fax)

 
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended
 exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This
 communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or
 confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not
 the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or
 disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this
 message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete
 all copies of the message.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     Confidentiality Notice
 This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
 exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
 communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
 confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
 named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
 disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
 message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
 all copies of the message.
 
 
 
 
