
 
 This is none of my business, but the turbines are owned by ENext.  Hows does 
 the LLC give the assignment?  Should the turbine contract be in the name of 
 the LLC, because it isn't at this moment.  Maybe I messed up.
 
 Kay
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/26/2001 06:24 
 PM ---------------------------
 
 

   
  GE for MCS as EPC for LVCII.
 
 
 Kay/Bill,
 
 Bill says he agrees and accepts our comments to the A&A.
 
 One change required to the Rev 5 document.  In Exhibit B, Add item "27)One
 additional Human Machine Interface (HMI) per Unit (desktop PC type)"
 
 Include these changes and we can get this done tomorrow.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Lee
 

  w/ GE for MCS as EPC for LVCII.
 
 
 Here are my comments.
 
 Kent
 
 
 
 
     w/ GE for MCS as EPC for LVCII.
 Importance: High
 
 
 Kent,
 
 Please review and note that this needs to be completed by week's end.
 Closing date is 5/1 and I'm out rest of week 5/2-6.  We may need some of
 Kay's help if we don't like what we see.  But let's try to work it out with
 Dale Rasmussen first (Enron Portland office).
 
 Lee
 
 


  GE for MCS as EPC for LVCII.
 
 
 Hello Lee.  (I know your thinking - What now!)
 
 As I'm sure you know, we are fast approaching a full notice to proceed on
 the LVCII project.  One item that we have as part of our EPC contract with
 Modern Continental South, is an Assignment and Assumption Agreement whereby
 MCS will assume certain responsibilities for (owner), and abide by the
 conditions set forth in that agreement.  We will ask GE to participate in
 that Agreement.  I have attached that agreement to this e mail for your
 review.  Current plans are for a full NTP (Notice To Proceed) to begin
 construction on May 1, and we are working hard to be ready for that key
 milestone to occur. Your review and concurrence on the draft document
 attached below is appreciated.
 
 Please review and contact me should you have any questions.
 
 Sincerely
 
 W. J.  (Bill) Williams Jr
 Director, Technical Services
 Enron North America
 (503) 464-8958
 
 (See attached file: GE ASSIGNMENT 173951 CLEAN 0417.doc)
 
 
  - GE ASSIGNMENT 173951 CLEAN 04171.doc
