
 
 if you insist...
 
 
    
  
 why don't you come?
 
 
 claude
 
  
     Importance: High
 
 here you go.......
 
  
     Importance: High
 
 
 
  
    H.; Ogden, Mary; Rimbau, Robert W.; Cavazos, Manuel; Ramirez, Garibaldis; 
 McCaig, Duncan; Tingleaf, Drew; Ahn, Chris; Curry, Mike; Jester, Larry; 
 Cross, Edith; Rode, Tina; Harvey, Claudette; Martinez, Judy; Parks, Michelle; 
 Gordon, Joe; Pagan, Ozzie; Butler, Monica; Rodriguez, Cecilia; Olvera, 
 Paulita; Blanch Lopez; Maldonado, Marianella; Moore, John; Gimble, Mathew; 
 Johnston, Elizabeth; Wang, Steve; Nall, Leslie; Coleman, Mike; Spiller, 
 Brent; Harris, Charles; Black, Tamara Jae; Suarez, Juan; Brown, Michael; 

 Chapman, Christy; Celedon, Adriana; Celedon-Renovato, Esther; Moreno, Douglas 
 V.; Mena, Luis; Baldwin, Sherri; Roberts, Chaun; Dean, Clint; Mouton, Stacie; 
 Stewart, Jennifer N.; Holcombe, Tina ; Garberding, Michael; Gilbert-smith, 


 Dutta, Tom; Kuykendall, Kevin; Roberts, Chaun; Thompkins, Jason
  
 Please be advised all information submitted herein is prepared solely to make 
 you smile, is not so confidential and should be shown to or discussed with 
 any third party.  The information submitted herein is not, or intended to be, 
 offensive in any way. To some the content of this email may be duty 
 hindering, and just may cause you to blow off working the rest of the day.  
 Regarding the following, no binding agreements will arise until everyone is 
 convincingly inebriated. Certainly all invitees mutually accept this 
 definitive agreement, containing mutually agreeable provisions, including, 
 but not limited to, those relating to fun, fun, and more fun.......I consider 
 the structures herein obligatory, and that you will be compelled to 
 definitely dig it.......you have been warned
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I would like to personally invite all of you to join us in saying Farewell, 
 Adios, Bidaya, Ciao, Peace 
 out man,....Goodbye, to Stephanie Gardner.  As some of you are already know , 
 Stephanie is leaving Enron to pursue a position at  Cinergy working under 
 Bruce Sukaly.  Her last day is tomorrow, June 1, and although it just kills 
 us to see 
 you go Steffy, we don't mind kickin' you out in style. (smile)  Please join 
 me in congratulating Stephanie, and wishing 
 her nothing but the best in the future.  Let's make sure she doesn't forget 
 us too soon.....And what better way to do that than.......you know it, 
 baby.......HAPPY HOUR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 
 
 
    When?: Friday, 6/1/01
      5:30 pm - until they throw us out 
 
    Where?: Slainte Irish Pub
      509 Main St.
 
    Why?: Because We Love You, Steffy!!!!
 
 
 Hope to see y'all there,
 claude 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
