
 
 Kelley,
 
 Given our financial situation we did not do any fixed price physical transa=
 ctions for December so we have no trades to report this month.  Hopefully o=
 ur situation we be resolved soon so that we can be a part of the process in=
  the near future.  For whatever it is worth, it that there are some unusual=
  things happening in the "Fixed Float" markets in Texas particularily at HS=
 C.  The NYMEX is down 10 cents today yet the HSC fixed float market went fr=
 om plus 2 cents or $2.336 to $2.345 yesterday to now $2.36 with the Henry H=
 ub also appearing to be inflated by maintaining a fixed float value of $2.3=
 1 again in a falling market.  We feel like we are defenseless because we ha=
 ve no trades to report and yet have basis and Gas Daily positions and some =
 trade players know it so they are inflating the prices to hurt us more fina=
 ncially.  I have no evidence since I was not a participant in the fixed pri=
 ce physical market this month all I am asking is that you be extra vigilant=
  in determining the validity of the transactions that are being submitted f=
 or index consideration.
 
 Thank you,
 
 Tom Martin
 
  

  
 Hello from Inside FERC,
 
 Tomorrow (Friday) is the last business day of November, and it's the final
 deadline for Inside FERC's Gas Market Report's December 2001 bidweek
 spot-price survey.  And what a bidweek it was!
 
 Attached is an Excel workbook (IFMONTH2.XLS) to report your price data in.
 
 Please take a moment to review the instructions at the top of the file. The=
 y
 specify what kinds of deals to report and -- more importantly -- what deals
 NOT to report.
 
 Please note that a significant portion of our survey respondents are
 reporting counterparties with their deals.  We want you to too. Please list
 counterparties in the "comments" column. Counterparty information is held i=
 n
 confidence and not shared with third parties.
 
 Reported deals with counterparty information are treated as more reliable
 than trades without.
 
 Please make sure to add the name of a contact person for your company and a
 telephone number to reach them with at the top of your price file.
 
 When you are done, e-mail the price workbooks back to both

 [Martin, Thomas A.]  ey Friday, Nov. 30.  PLEASE NOTE THAT EFFECTIVE DEC. 2=

 ADDRESS WILL TERMINATE AND ALL E-MAIL SENT TO IT WILL BE LOST.  PLEASE

 
 December monthly prices will be published on Monday, Dec. 3
 
 As always, thanks for your help, and if you have any questions, please feel
 free to call or e-mail me at the telephone number or address below.
 
 
 Best regards, and I hope you and yours have a safe and happy Halloween,.
 
 Kelley Doolan, chief editor

 
 IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE TAKEN OFF THIS REMINDER LIST please either call me
 or send an e-mail, and I will take you off right away -- KD
 
 
  - ifmonth2.xls << File: ifmonth2.xls >>