
 
 I would like our group to continue to get lunches at their desk if possible.  If other trading desks are not doing this then just the EOL trades.  Talk to Ina and let me know.
 
 Tom
 
  
     
 Tom, want me to start ordering lunches just for our group?  I could even take specific orders for what each person likes, and have them bill us or put it on someone's credit card.  I can do that for just the EOL guys, too.  I found out that the deliveries are going to ECN, and the clerks are picking them up from there.  Well, at lunchtime, I could take a dollie with me to carry it all, and/or have Michael Salinas help me.  I don't know ... whatever you'd like.  That's just a suggestion that I have, if you would still like to pull away from the daily lunches for the whole floor.  I've noticed a lot of our guys don't like the lunches, and they sometimes go get food from the Energizer.  We still get billed for their food, even if they don't eat.  
 
 Let me know if you'd still like to do this, because it's definitely possible.
 
 Laura
 
 P.S. - I just thought of another suggestion ... I could make Peanut Butter & Jelly sandwiches for us!!!!  YEAH!
 
 
  
    Cc:	Vuittonet, Laura; Moore, Kevin G.; Villarreal, Alex; Bates, Kimberly; Quezada, Daniel; Hogan, Irena D.; Salinas, Michael; Presas, Jessica; Young, Becky
  
 Deskheads:
 
 After this week I was going to discontinue lunches other than bidweek for everyone except EOL traders.  There are too many people going downstairs to get their lunch and your cost center is being charged daily whether people eat or not.  I have had a couple of you approach me that you still would like for your groups to be included in daily lunches.  Please email me by tommorrow and let me know if you would like to continue.   For those that do not, I will notify your groups that this Wednesday will be the last day for their groups to eat.
 
 Thank you,
 Ina Rangel
 Administrative Coordinator
 Enron North America
 713-853-7257 Voice
 713-646-3604 Fax