
 
 
 
  
    Cc:	Le Dain, Eric; Maier, Rod 403 234-5433
  
 Mr. D. McCarty
 Managing Director and Chief Commercial Officer
 Enron Corp.
 
 Dear Mr. McCarty,
 
 I am writing on behalf of the Mackenzie Delta Explorers Group who are a
 group of seven E&P companies with current and proposed exploration
 activities in the Mackenzie Delta area. The member companies include
 Anadarko Canada Corporation, Alberta Energy Company, Anderson
 Exploration/Devon, Burlington Resources Canada Energy Ltd, BP Canada Energy
 Company, Chevron Canada Resources and Petro-Canada Oil and Gas.
 
 We are assessing alternatives to transport natural gas from the Delta to
 southern markets and will soon be engaging in a feasibility engineering
 design study to assess routing,  construction techniques, optimum sizing,
 pressure requirements, capital and operating costs, liquids handling,
 gathering systems, environmental considerations and other relevant design
 parameters.
 
 We are contacting potential strategic alliance partners in the pipeline
 arena to determine the level of interest of  participating in the study
 and/or contributing information to the Feasibility exercise.
 
 If you require more information and wish to discuss this in more detail,
 please fell free to contact me (403-296-4824) or Rod Maier (Chevron Canada
 Resources 403-234-5433).
 
 Thanks for your consideration.
 
 John D. Miller
 Manager, Natural Gas Marketing
 403-296-4824 Phone
 403-296-4433 Fax

 
 
 
                          ********************
 
 This email communication is intended as a private communication for the sole
 use of the primary addressee and those individuals listed for copies in the
 original message. The information contained in this email is private and
 confidential and if you are not an intended recipient you are hereby
 notified that copying, forwarding or other dissemination or distribution of
 this communication by any means is prohibited.  If you are not specifically
 authorized to receive this email and if you believe that you received it in
 error please notify the original sender immediately.  We honour similar
 requests relating to the privacy of email communications.
 
 Cette communication par courrier ?lectronique est une communication priv?e ?
 l'usage exclusif du destinataire principal ainsi que des personnes dont les
 noms figurent en copie.  Les renseignements contenus dans ce courriel sont
 confidentiels et si vous n'?tes pas le destinataire pr?vu, vous ?tes avis?,
 par les pr?sentes que toute reproduction, tout transfert ou toute autre
 forme de diffusion de cette communication par quelque moyen que ce soit est
 interdit.  Si vous n'?tes pas sp?cifiquement autoris? ? recevoir ce courriel
 ou si vous croyez l'avoir re?u par erreur, veuillez en aviser l'exp?diteur
 original imm?diatement.  Nous respectons les demandes similaires qui
 touchent la confidentialit? des communications par courrier ?lectronique.