
 
 Jay,  
 
 I think that should be looked at and re-evaluated. The way I had it, AS, PB, 
 DB and I (we had commercial and IT infrastructure covered in  1 call) all 
 attended the video calls but I primarily drove the business activities and 
 co-ordination.  I had envisioned Allan and your group taking over directly 
 pre my change and pre other international ongoing activities.  I suggest that 
 all of you re-look at it and do what you want but there are obvious big 
 changes coming that will affect your decision and how we will approach the 
 business opportunities.  I believe they are a great resource for future 
 development and they really appreciated the communication effort and we 
 really helped them.
 
 Good luck,
 Mike
 
 
 
 

 08/03/2000 01:50 PM


  
 Who is to be responsible for these guys and their involvement with NetWorks 
 going forward?
 
 
 
 


  
  
 
 
 All,
 
 FYI, here is the latest draft of their business plan for your review and
 commentary.  I had the video call yesterday and went through all the org
 changes.  I did not provide any commentary on the specifics for obvious
 reasons.
 
 Mike
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT on 08/02/2000
 08:23 AM ---------------------------
 
 

 07/24/2000 07:24 AM
 
          link: Mike McConnell)
 
 
 I think there are 2 principal drivers:
 
 (1)  the respective Business Unit heads inside of Networks (Houston or
 elsewhere ) need to know who Steve and I are, that we're involved and that
 we have a      mandate ( actually this probably warrants some clarification
 vis-a-vis the Argentine office, as well; especially given the hiring of
 Bastos - I for one would like      to get a clear and substantive
 understanding in regard to his trading background, priority for physical
 vs. financial products, and expectations ) and
 (2)  we (Enron SA) need an invitation, but also need to probably be more
 aggressive about participating in meetings, discussions - both strategic
 and       functional for each of  the Business Units
 
 Once we reach a consensus on an Enron SA Bus Plan with focus, targets will
 establish some parameters to participate inside the group going forward.
 
 Mike, your efforts to communicate both updating events vis-a-vis the weekly
 call and overtures outside the group have been a great initiative and much
 appreciated.  It's made an important, productive impression on Enron
 employees "outside"of Networks.  Look forward to further discussions all
 around.
 
 
 
 
 Steve Nagy
 07/21/2000 02:19 PM
 
   
  
 Mike,
 
 Per your request, attached is the draft Business Plan for South America.
 Due to agenda constraints, Joe Kishkill has not yet had the opportunity to
 review.
 
 As part of structuring the regional effort, it would be important to
 streamline and coordinate the due diligence and market study efforts. There
 appears to be some confusion between Houston and S?o Paulo over who is
 responsible for what. We may need to formally announce D'Arcy's and my
 roles, including the need to channel information through us into and out of
 the region.
 
 Please let us know your thoughts.
 
 Thanks, Steve
 
 (See attached file: Business Plan Enron Net Works South America.ppt)
 
 
 
 
  - Business Plan Enron Net Works South America.ppt
 
 
 
 
