
 
 John, 
 
 This just got sent and it appears you were left of the cc list.  We will be 
 discussing with your guys this week to determine the best way forward.  
 Everyone is under earnings pressure and it is asking too much for someone to 
 dedicate 10-20% of their time on a product.  The intent of this email is not 
 to take people but to add people to the offices, if necessary, to make sure 
 they live, eat and drink weather.
 
 We can discuss when I'm in later this week.
 
 Mike
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT on 02/12/2001 
 10:50 AM ---------------------------

   
 As Mike and I look across all of our business units, we continue to look for 
 optimal organizational structures that will enable each business unit to 
 achieve it's targets for  2001 and beyond.  In our weather business, there 
 appears to be a lack of seamlessness.  Reporting relationships, P&L, and 
 vision for this business are not best aligned as this business exists today.  
 
 Mike and I would like to address this as follows:    we need 100% full time 
 dedication from each and any employee that is dedicated to the weather 
 business.  All identified employees in the weather business will now become 
 full time employees of EGM and report to Mark Tawney. Accordingly Mark and I 
 will be looking at, with each of you, the employees that may be affected by 
 this transition and the need to hire additional employees.  It is important 
 that both business units work together to determine which individuals will be 
 in Weather, or  will be in EEL.  Once done, Mark will begin adding to the 
 weather team in each of your regions.   It is obvious that the organizations 
 and product lines can lever each other and the synergy's will provide 
 powerful results in our regional gas and power businesses in particular.  
 
 If you look at coal, lng, equities, etc, we have employees based in each of 
 your regions who report back into the appropriate business unit within EGM.  
 This restructure will similarly align weather.  
 
 Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new 
 structure.
 
