
 
 Jonny,
 
 Howdy, I bet you had a great time at the game.  I did watch it and it never 
 felt good and I am still amazed at the outcome.  Did it feel different 
 actually being there?
 
 Are you going Miami?  Mark and I may be in.  What about you?  I figured for 
 sure that you are already making plans.  Also, do you think it will be 
 impossible to get tickets?
 
 We are in for spring break.  We will not be able to be there the entire week 
 and we are looking at the exact dates and my schedule - but count us in.
 
 If you get a chance why don't you give me a call and we can catch up.
 
 Mike
 
 PS - Enron stock was down $15/share, ouch.  No partiuclar reason mainlly huge 
 sector movement.
 
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
 He sure does not look like a Heisman winner to me.  We will wait to hear
 your spring break plans.
 
 
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
    
   X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
 X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
  X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
 X-MIMETrack: Serialize by Router on ENE-MTA01/Enron(Release 5.0.3 (Intl)|21 
 March 2000) at11/27/2000 10:28:13 AM
 Importance: Normal
 
 
 Howdy,
 
 Kansas City will be great.  Thanks for the invite but I can't go.  I pray
 that the Nebr. Sooners show up,  not the Sooners of the last 3 weeks.  We
 really look awful.  Early peak?
 
 That's great news for spring break.  Let me talk to the boss and let her
 know that is still and option and see if it still works.
 
 Thanks,
 Mike
 
 Go Sooners.  Shame about Hipel, he has thrown away his Heisman over the
 last couple of weeks.  Do you agree?
 
 
 
 
 

 
  cc:
  
 
 Speaking of great to be back... we are heading to Kansas City on Saturday.
 If O.U. plays in the National Title game we are going to try to go.  Any
 interest? I can probably come up with some tickets.
 
 Spring Break for us is also the 12th - 16th.  We have not made any other
 plans.  Lets ski in Telluride.
 
 Continental fly's direct from Houston to Montrose, but the flights book
 pretty early.  I just checked and there are two flights per day and seats
 are available. Let me know if you need help with your travel plans.  We
 will
 go up on Friday the 9th and return on Sunday the 18th so whatever schedule
 you can make is great.  We will have you picked up at the airport, no
 problem.
 
 Jonny
 
 
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
    
   X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
 X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
  X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
 X-MIMETrack: Serialize by Router on ENE-MTA01/Enron(Release 5.0.3 (Intl)|21
 March 2000) at11/26/2000 08:11:30 PM
 Importance: Normal
 
 Pelt,
 
 Howdy from Houston.  I hope you had a great Thanksgiving.  I took the week
 off and it was what i needed.  I have been working at a hectic pace and was
 on my annual sick rotation, although a little earlier than normal.  I
 needed the break.  My international traveling is over for the year, thank
 God.
 
 Chris and i were talking about life and vacations and spring break came up.
 I thought i would send you our information and see if our breaks
 co-ordinated and to see if we still wanted to try and get together to go
 skiing.  We didn't know if you made other plans or moved on since our last
 discussion a while ago.  Our spring break is March 12-16th .
 
 Please let give an update via email when you get a chance.  I figured that
 you are in Telluride right now on holiday.
 
 Give my love to all.
 
 Mike
 
 
 
 PS - How about those Sooners!  OU/TX wasn't a fluke. Hard to believe, we'll
 see what will happen with K State and bowls.  No matter, its been a fun
 year.  It is nice to be back.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
