
 
 Pup,
 
 That sounds great to us.  I take it you are not bringing the kids.  Have you 
 already made reservations and a tee time?  Who else is included in this?  
 Also, am i interfering by inviting ourselves in your plans!
 
 Mike
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
 We definitely are planning to go to Texas - O.U.  We are considering staying
 at the Four Seasons at Los Colinas.  Possibly a little golf and R & R mixed
 in with the game.  It would be a bit out of the way.  We might go up as
 early as Friday morning to play golf that afternoon.  Let me know what you
 think.
 
 
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
    
   X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
 X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
  Importance: Normal
 X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2314.1300
 X-MIMETrack: Serialize by Router on ENE-MTA01/Enron(Release 5.0.3 (Intl)|21 
 March 2000) at08/07/2000 02:50:00 PM
 
 
 Jonny,
 
 Thank you so much for the email and kind words.  I was very moved by it and
 you know I feel the same way.  I have become very reflective with the more
 "success" that I have been fortunate enough to receive.  I am so thankful
 and appreciative and although I have always been religious and spiritual,
 it has grown more deeply.  I see so many people that have lost their
 perspective and I pray that I will remain grounded and truly appreciate the
 blessings that our family has received.  Chris and I often discuss how we
 can help others and what can we do to really make a difference.
 
 The Jones and the McConnells are truly very lucky.   Thanks, and give my
 love to your family.
 
 Mike
 
 
 PS:  What about OU - Texas, do you have any ideas or plans already in the
 works?
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  cc:
  
 
 Sometimes we fail to stop and reflect on events which are of significance
 because we are so busy with our heads down accomplishing the things we
 strive for.  I hope you are taking a moment to reflect and enjoy the
 incredible accomplishments which you have achieved at such a young age.
 You
 and I are two of the luckiest people in the world and must always remember
 to give back what we have been so fortunate to receive.
 
 Congratulations and keep up the good work.  I am proud to call you my
 friend.
 
 
 Jonny
 
 
 
 
 
 
