
 
 Mike McConnell has asked me to respond to your message on his behalf.  He has 
 asked that you please contact George Wasaff with Enron for this conference.  
 Mr. Wasaff is the Managing Director for Strategic Sourcing.  He recently 
 spoke at one of your conferences and this conference is more closely related 
 to Mr. Wasaff's area of responsibility.
 
 Thank you for your assistance.
 
 Cathy Phillips for
 Mike McConnell
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
 
 
 
 July 13, 2000
 
 Mr. McConnell, CEO Technology
 Enron
 
 Dear Mr. McConnell:
 
 
 Paula Hix and our Regional Advisory Board have requested we extend an 
 invitation for you to participate in our eProCom Energy, Oil & Gas, Chemical 
 Conference.  The program is scheduled for August 21-22, 2000 at the Westin 
 Hotel Galleria in Houston, Texas.
 
 The e-ProCom Conference Series, is being held on a regional basis, with a 
 focus on individual industries, throughout North America.  These events are 
 to be custom programmed for executive management, purchasing directors and 
 IT/IS managers from large, midsize and small companies. Each Conference will 
 contain multiple conference tracks that are programmed for companies at 
 various levels of e-Commerce selection and implementation.
 We are specifically interested in inviting you to participate as a Chair in 
 our Session titled "EDI to e-Procurement."   I  have detailed the sessions 
 below for your review and also attached the conference outline and marketing 
 materials.
 Session C: EDI to e-Procurement / Integrating the New Technologies into the 
 Legacy System
 Tuesday, August 22 8:30 AM - 10:00 AM
 
 Chairperson:  Mike McConnell, CEO of Technology, Enron (invited)
 
 Panelists
 Bruce Aboudara, Business Development Manager, Peregrine Systems
 Paul Forde, Technical Manager, Context Integration
 Representative from Business Finance.com
 Shannon Haley, Business Development Manager, IPNet Solutions, Inc.
 Representative from Duke Energy
 
 Thank you for your consideration of this invitation.  I will contact your 
 office tomorrow to confirm your participation.  We look forward to working 
 with you in the coming weeks.
 
 
 
 Mark your calendar now to attend the e-ProCom for Oil, Gas,  Chemical & 
 Energy Conference, August 21-22, Houston, TX, at the Westin Galleria Hotel.  
 Attached is a full conference brochure and registration form.  Early bird 
 discount is July 31, 2000!
 
 Best Regards,
 Carrie Shapiro, Conference Coordinator
 e-ProCom Conference Series
 www.e-procomseries.com
 c/o The TradeFair Group
 Ph: 713-463-9595 x 307

 
 
  - ePro_HOU_8pg.pdf
 
