
 
 Jay,
 
  Howdy from Houston.  I bet it is cooler in NY.
 
 I don't really have any other ideas as you addressed below except I changed 
 the word "his" to "the" investment group.  As far as other clarification of 
 duties, I don't have any issue with it, but every CEO will call me and ask if 
 this is a change in how they deal with Alan or investments.  What is the 
 status with Steve and how the group is organized?  Did you talk with him and 
 let him know that he is a stand alone dealmaker with an area of concentration?
 
 Is that your official assigned work number?  If not, we need to get one 
 assigned before the email goes out.  Also, I am assuming that this is in the 
 MG office not the small Enron office, is that accurate?  Greg and I both 
 think that the MG office is the best location and will help them assimilate 
 with Enron.
 
 Thanks,
 Mike 
 
 PS, good luck in the move
 
 
 
 
 

 07/17/2000 02:40 PM
    
 1)  I'm not sure it is appropriate to get into organizational details of how 
 diiferent units will work together in an organizational memo.  We are working 
 well communicating with and sharing deals between and amongst the various 
 groups/business units on an informal basis.  Formalization of this process 
 here adds litlle, and may detract.
 
 2)  How else do I refer to it other than Steve and his group in the context 
 in which this is written.  Suggestions appreciated!
 
 Jay
 
 P.S.  I know I owe you an accomplishments list, but as of now, I don't really 
 know of too many for 1H2000.  I do not like to be too creative with these 
 types of lists, and am not typically at a loss, but right now, I am a bit 
 light.  We should discuss this in person, and sooner rather than later.  
 Tomorrow is my last day in Houston.  Give me a ring at your convenience.
 
 
 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 Jay,
 
 I like it.
 
   Two questions. 
 1. You didn't address how our investment group will work with other groups, 
 specifically, EEL, ENA will (may) be different than how it works (and 
 approves) investments with the investments from the other business groups.
 2.  You still called it Steve's group.  Do you want to address the issue more 
 directly or leave it more ambiguous?
 
 What are your thoughts?
 mike
 
 
 

 07/13/2000 05:29 PM
    
 What do you think about this one?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
