
 
 Per my memo below, please enroll Brenda Herod, James Scribner, Thresa Allen and Shona Wilson for the May session.  Thanks for the reminder and for your help!  --Sally 
 
    
 	Enron North America Corp.   		
 
 
    
 The past two years, Enron has offered a very effective two-day session called Executive Influence and Impact.  This is required of everyone at the VP level and above, and participation is definitely tracked.  I thought that the class was very helpful.  360 feedback is solicited prior to the session and is used in a very constructive and focused way to help each participant target two to three areas in which specific actions will be targeted to improve on the participant's leadership in communicating with and motivating employees.  
 
 Enron will now offer this course tailored for Directors and Senior Directors.   I would like to have all directors and senior directors in our organization take advantage of this opportunity.  Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this opportunity early enough to work with everyone to plot out a schedule in advance for all directors and senior directors.  I want to work with the entire management team to create that plan, as sessions will be offered in May, September, November and February (2002).  
 
 However, today is the deadline for registering participants for the first session, May 16 and 17.  This will be given in Houston.  I would like to have several participants from our team in this first session.  My suggestion would be that Brenda Herod and James Scribner attend as senior directors and that we also extend this opportunity to Shona Wilson and Thresa Allen as directors.  I have asked Hector to secure four spots for us, using these names as participants.  If this timing does not work, please let me know and we can determine who could be substituted for the May session.  We would have to name a sub right away, so please get back with me ASAP and confirm that the four names that I have suggested will be able to attend, or let me know your recommendation on a substitution.  
 Thanks. 
 
     
 Sally, 
 Let me know how I can help you with this opportunity. 
 Thanks, 
  
 Hector G. McLoughlin, PHR
 Human Resources
 Enron Net Works
 Office: 713-853-6703
 Cell: 713-854-0839
   
 
 
