
 
 On PRC:  In the next few days, I will be able to give Tina an idea on the time when we will start Senior Directors in the June 11th meeting and we will keep you posted that day on timing. 
 
 Contracts:  I met this morning with Robert Jones and Ryan Seleznov on contracts for Brent and Bob.  They were going to get with Michelle Cash today with the goal of having contract drafts for me by the end of the day. (Legal has their offsite starting Wednesday, so we will be out of luck for legal help after today.)  I will keep you posted.  I believe that these new contracts will be well received. 
 
 Q2 Goals:  Patti has the meeting on my calendar with you and Philippe for next Monday at 3:00.  
 
 --Sally 
 
  
     
 I would like to come in at the senior director level.
 
 Also, Robert told me you would get Brent and Bob done on contracts.
 
 Also, I am setting up a meeting Monday with you, me and Philippe to just review your mid/back office goals for Q2.  Hopefully we can get a consensus on you spending most of your time with operations goals this quarter.  Assuming we can reach agreement, we can then go give Whalley the facts.
 
 Thanks.
 
 GP
 
  
     
 I will keep you posted on time and location for the meeting on the 11th.  If you join us for discussions on VP's, we will review Brent Price, Bob Hall, Peggy Hedstrom and Beth Apollo.  If you want to sit in on review of senior directors, that would pick up Leslie Reeves, James Scribner, Brenda Herod, Kevin Sweeney and Sheila Glover.  --Sally 
 
  
     
 I would love to hear more about the people who work for you.  However, I don't want to disrupt.  
 
 Have it put on my calender and I can come to it when you are getting ready to do VPs.
 
 Your thoughts?
 
 GP
 
  
    Cc:	Spiller, Tina; Thompson, Patti
  
 Monday, June 11 has been set as the date for my operations PRC meeting.  At this meeting we will briefly review the results from numerous smaller PRC meetings that will have been held by my team during the week of June 4.  On June 11, we will give a cursory review to the results from the smaller PRC meetings from analysts through manager.  Our primary goal will be to make sure that the appropriate distribution has been met, and that we are aware of the individuals that are 1's and 5's.    The main focus of the meeting will be to cross calibrate directors, senior directors and VP's across the operations organization and the teams that support EA, EGM and EIM.  (We are still debating if and how we cross calibrate with the London operations team) 
 
 You mentioned today that you might like to attend this meeting.  I wanted you to have the date so that you could put this on your calendar.  
 
 My team is also included in a funtional PRC meeting that is held by Rick Causey.  In that meeting we review director level and above.  Rick has not set the date for that meeting.  
