
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Neal, Scott\Sent Items
 X-Origin: NEAL-S
 X-FileName: scott neal 6-26-02.PST
 
 fyi
 
  
     
 FYI...Scott/Andy,
 Here's an update on the top ten pipelines for NETCO-East.  Please let me know if you have any questions.
 THANKS
 Victor
 
  
    Cc:	Halstead, Lia; Calcagno, Suzanne; Jaquet, Tammy; Pinion, Richard; Allwein, Robert; Driscoll-Ernest, Marde L.; Garcia, Clarissa; Goodell, Scott; Homco, Meredith; Loving, Scott; Ordway, Chris; Sanchez, Christina; Superty, Robert; Versen, Victoria
  
 Bob, Attached for your review is a summary status report of the top ten pipelines identified by east trading as needing to be up and running as soon as possible for NETCO. Credit, contract, timing and legal requirements are included for review.  Most actions and requests are determined by who the parent company is and how the credit check turns up. That also greatly impacts the turnaround time for service  for us to transact on the pipelines.  I have all hardcopies of necessary forms on my desk.  We can perform the same inquiry and request for the next batch of pipelines that trading identifies as second tier and necessary for trading as we expand.   Please let me know if you need additional information.
 THANKS
 
 
   
 
  
     
 On Monday we have to file a "transition plan" with Louise Kitchen for NETCO. She wants details. On that note I need a status report from each desk on our effort to start the contract process for pipes, TPA's & EBB's so I can include that in the report. I have received some emails however I would like each manager to put together a summary in an Excel spreadsheet that we can have Suzanne consolidate with the stuff she already put together. Please cover the key items listed in the earlier email. Also we should be getting as much hard copy as possible so we can proceed with our goal of preparing for a startup. I suggest reviewing the paperwork and identify the stuff that you will need to get the forms completed. No doubt we will have substantial gaps but as long as we know where and what they are we can get the proper internal people involved (legal, credit, etc.)
 
 Tks - Bob