
 
 We can go ahead and prepare the termination letter, but it looks like Cheryl 
 has some issues to flush out before we officialy terminate that tower lease.
 
 
 ----- Forwarded by Gerald Nemec/HOU/ECT on 03/29/2001 05:48 PM -----
 

 	03/29/2001 05:18 PM
 		 



 		  
 
 
 Hello, Cheryl
 
 I would like to better understand the issues before we make any decisions.
 Can you please provide us with the details of this issue.  What is the call
 sign of the HPL Licenses that we are talking about?  What type of equipment
 are we talking about? (i.e. MW,  MAS, and/or Conventional Radio)  What
 personnel or group is the equipment supporting?  What are the full list of
 compliance issues on this?
 
 Ryan Terry is with an external firm providing services to AEP and Enron in
 assisting in filing of the necessary "Transfer of Control" Documents with
 the FCC.   Depending on what the issues are Ryan and his firm may provide
 counsel concerning this matter, but the decision to remedy these issues
 and/or to cancel the license and remove the equipment will need to be made
 by AEP, Enron and HPL personnel.
 
 Bests Regards,
 Jason D. Griffith
 Manager, Wireless Engineering
 614-223-1909 Tel
 
 
 
 
 
                     Cheryl.Marshall





                                             Issue
 
 
 
 
 
 Hello, Ryan.  I got your e-mail address from Kevin Dumas.  I want to
 discuss with you an issue we have at a tower lease site.  HPL is currently
 leasing tower space from REB Communications in Gilmer, Texas.  Our
 operator, HMS, discovered this week that the tower was not in compliance
 with FCC regulations.  The most critical issue is that the tower lights do
 not appear to be functional.  HMS has recommended that HPL remove it's
 equipment from the tower and  cancel our FCC license immediately.
 
 I would like to protect the interests of both HPL and AEP, and I would
 appreciate your suggestion on what to do with the equipment licence.  I do
 not want to do anything to jeopardize the closing of the HPL sale.  Please

 can discuss this issue.
 
 
 
 
