
 
 Yes I am!  Let me know what time you are available and where you are this 
 week and I will pick an appropriate location.   G$ and Nacious E are 
 available.
 
 You need a nickname too.  Let's ponder this one and submit ideas.
 
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
                                        
 Are you speaking of a couple of wild and krazy guys?????
 
 Let's do lunch on Friday.  Pick a spot and we'll lock it down.
 
 
 RYAN F. RUPPERT
 Geophysical User Support
 Upstream Technical Computing
 ExxonMobil Corporation
 
 
     
 
 True.  Especially after I cut E's fat plump rump roast with my dive knife
 to chum the waters a little.  Let's shoot for Friday for lunch.  Maybe I go
 back to work after that or maybe I don't.  No other three Czech brothers
 can cruise so successfully in tight slacks!
 
 Things are going well with little Cynthia.  She is really fun and easy to
 talk to.  I am not sure what my intentions are right now but we enjoy each
 others company.
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  cc:
  
 
                     AMERICAS
             FPEXMAIL
        
 
 I too, am somewhat hesitant about those large toothed critters, although
 I'm
 sure they'd much rather chomp into Eric's ass-steak rather than my boney
 carcass.  I figure if everyone else does it why shouldn't we?
 
 As for lunch, I'd like to get together although we break for lunch around
 11
 over here and that's more like breakfast for you fat-cat lawyer-types.  I'm
 down here all week, so let me know if you want to try for something.  Maybe
 Friday would be fun?  I'd have a lot more flexibility in my schedule on
 that
 day.
 
 Looks like Saturday is "pay your friend-dues day" at the Gillaspie Ranch.
 Seems like all I do is move his ass.  All I know is that he better keep us
 well hydrated.
 
 Anywho, what's up with you and the little lady?  She seemed really
 together.
 Hope things are progressing well--if that's your intentions.
 
 Audi 5000,
 Ryan
 
 RYAN F. RUPPERT
 Geophysical User Support
 Upstream Technical Computing
 ExxonMobil Corporation
 
 
    Cc: EXT-ERIC.GILLASPIE(A)ENRON.COM,
  
 
 Sounds like a good trip if there are spaces available.  I think our dive
 captain is checking availability.  Of course our dive captain is also
 hesitant about being swallowed whole by a Whale Shark.  I told him that
 with a house to remodel that would probably be a blessing.
 
 Let us know what your schedule is.  See if we can't hook up Thursday or
 Friday for lunch.  I open and I am sure Nacious E would be too.
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  cc:
  
 
                     AMERICAS
             FPEXMAIL
                EXT-GERALD.NEMEC(A)ENRON.COM,               GERALDNE -
 FPEXMAIL
        
 
 
 Hey you hosers, what's up with swimming with the fishys?  Are we going to
 check out those hammerheads or what?
 
 Sorry about the mix up on lunch yesterday.  Let me know if you want to try
 again.
 
 OUT
 
 RYAN F. RUPPERT
 Geophysical User Support
 Upstream Technical Computing
 ExxonMobil Corporation
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
