
 
 Chris,  The firm schedules referred to are those currently in place on the 
 Firm Gathering Agreement.  The latest amendments were dated September 24, 
 1999.  I only have hard copies, but can fax them to you.  Lori should have a 
 copy of the amendments.   Also attached is the Capacity Allocation and 
 Expansion Agreement most current changes redlined against the original.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 	06/26/2000 10:32 AM
 	Please respond to choekenga
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 Gerald,
 
 In reviewing the changes I need to see what the "Firm Schedules" are.  This
 looks like it is new and is apparently part of the Firm gathering
 agreements.  Also, would it be possible to get a red-line version of the
 documents that compares these latest changes with the originally executed
 documents as I think some of the interim changes have been absorbed already.
 Give me a call if you need any clarification.  713-624-9003.
 ---------- Original Text ----------
 
  
 
 
 Attached are the latest revised redlined documents for Lost Creek.   Please
 note
 the following:
 
 1.  The changes include those that Chris and I discussed in Denver.  The
 Capacity Allocation Agreement is redlined against the version BR had reviewed
 earlier.  All other docs. are redlined against the originals.
 
 2.  Due to the Credit Agreement structure, portions of the Natural Gas Fuel
 Liquidation concept were placed into the Administrative Services Agreement.
 This was done in order to allow that portion of the Natural Gas Fuel value
 which
 covers the Power Bill to be included in the Debt Service Coverage Ratio calcs
 in
 the Credit Agreement.  The remainder of the Natural Gas Fuel will be
 distributed
 under the Capacity Allocation Agreement to avoid the inclusive of these excess
 amounts in any distribution tests under the Credit Agreement.
 
 3.  Since more significant changes were made to the Admin. Services Agreement,
 it is now being amended and restated.
 
 Dean,  have you resolved the accounting questions you raised this past Monday?
 
 (See attached file: Amended and Restated Admin(RED).doc)(See attached file:
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CAPALLEXP AGREEMENT4RED.DOC)(See attached file: Amended
 and
 Restated LLC Agreement1(RED).doc)
 
 
