
 
 Ken,  Our position has been that Wildhorse doesn't have the right to curtail 
 our volumes since we have a first que position.  We could draft the letter 
 such that we demand to send 100% of our gas to NWPL.  In the event that 
 Wildhorse would only accept noms. 50% (or some portion) of this gas to NWPL, 
 we would nominate the remainder to Questar to mitigate Wildhorse's damages.  
 Once they accept the nom to NWPL, they have a first que obligation to move it 
 there.
 
 From a practical standpoint, if Wildhorse curtailed us to NWPL (to our 
 protest) after they had accepted our noms., I understand this would cause 
 problems.  However, if we nominate gas to Questar when Wildhorse is willing 
 to accept a nom to NWPL, we would potentially be waiving damages there.   
 
 
 
 
 

 	10/23/2000 02:37 PM
 	Please respond to kckrisa
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 Joan, Gerald:
 I am wondering whether we need to send another letter as we did for the
 October Nominations - to continue to show our intent to nominate 100% of gas
 to NWPL.  I think this may take some more thought - as I don't want to be
 given the nomination and then curtailed 50% as other producers are.
 
 Ken
 
 

  
 
 
 
 The noms can only be done via the internet if we have a Wildhorse/NWPL
 transport contract number.  And as far as I know, they still will not give
 us one.  So, we can either : 1) obtain the Wildhorse/NWPL transport
 contract number from Tom Brown and nom via the internet to NWPL; 2) if not,
 nom via internet into Questar and fax letter; or 3) fax nom to Questar,
 along with letter.
 
 Mark - what do you think our chances of getting a Wildhorse/NWPL transport
 contract number are?
 
 joan
 
 
 
 
    
 We should again nominate to NWPL .  In our nomination we can state that if
 Wildhorse again wrongfully rejects our nom to NWPL, we then nominate to
 Questar solely to mitigate damages.  I can draft the appropriate letter.
 
 Joan or Ken,
 
 Will the nominations be done via the web site?  Do we have the information
 to nominate to NWPL via the website?
 
 
 
 
                     "Ken"

                     2000.net>           cc:
                                         Subject:
                     10/23/2000
                     08:57 AM
                     Please
                     respond to
                     kckrisa
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joan, Gerald;
 
 What is the game plan for November nominations?  Do we want to go through
 the same deal as before and nominate on NWPL, get rejected, and renominate
 on Questar?  Or, do we want to nominate on Questar and include a statement
 that we are nominating on Questar only because of last month's ordeal?
 
 Tom Brown and Wildhorse are supposed to close today - if they didn't get
 their late last Friday.
 
 Ken Krisa
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
