
 
 Talked with Jenny - she will take care of beaming the simulcast onto the big screen for us tomorrow morning.  
 
 I looked at the conference room, and it looks the way we left it yesterday - dirty.  Talked with the security guys and they called to check on cleaning crew. Should be here this afternoon at 2:00, so the room should be clean and neat by tomorrow morning.  
 
 Have sent e-mail notice of meeting - included Tony Mends and Allan Sommer since I don't know Paskin's whereabouts and I do know that Mark Pickering won't be here.  Otherwise, Tony and Allan will be out of the loop.  Anyone else who will roll under Paskin that I should include?  
 
 I will also leave voice mail messages on everyone's Enron extension and make calls to home numbers so that everyone will know about the 8:00 am meeting.  
 
 Brent is here - will meet with McConnell at 3:00 on EGM (commercial) cost savings effort.  Not sure that McConnell will meet with Greg W.   Brent will update me after the 3:00 meeting. 
 
 --Sally 
 
  
    Cc:	Spiller, Tina; Valdez, Christina; Costello, Lisa; Stone, Sandy; Carrizales, Blanca; McDonald, Dawn; Hritz, Alice; Lapsley, Carol; Flores-Cuellar, Brenda; Choate, Heather; Villarreal, Lillian; Browder, Mary Lou; Thistleton, Tara; Godden, Kirsten; Perkins, Kim; Westbrook, Cherylene R.; Villanueva, Chantelle; Cannon, Lydia; Latson, Diane; Estrada, Mercedes E.; James, Giselle; Craig, Braedi; Weatherstone, Mary
  
 Please join Greg Piper and me in Conference Room 4075 on the 4th floor of ECS at 8:00 am on Monday, November 12.  To find this conference room, go through the security badge check point to your right as you arrive on the 4th floor, then make a left at the first hallway and the conference room will be on your right.  
 
 Dynegy and Enron will simulcast a merger conference call live via the Internet at 8:00 am Central Time.  We will access this webcast via the two large screens in the conference room.  We can watch this together as a group, and at the conclusion of the simulcast we will have a brief meeting to discuss Q&A regarding the merger and our action steps for the day as the management team of Enron Net Works.  
 
 I look forward to seeing you on Monday morning.  
 
 --Sally 