
 
 Spoke with Chance on friday, he believes that the wholesale data is clean. I also sent an email to Chance, Pat and Scott that raised the issue of PV'ed positions. I am waiting for a response. 
  
 I have attached a word document that briefly describes what I learned from my meeting with Linda Roberts. I will also give you a copy of the GLO/ERAC contract and a copy of the dealsheet for the gas. Any questions give me a shout.
 Joe
  
 
  
    Cc: Garza, Maria; Tian, Yuan 
  
 
 
 I really need you guys to push this with urgency. 
 
   
    Cc:     McMichael Jr., Ed; Garza, Maria; Tian, Yuan 
  
 Joe, the EES book data is getting closer to what we need but not there yet. 
 
 Please discuss w/ EES Risk (Scott Mills?): 
 1) The Price (NG) positions are expressed in PV'd quantity.  We need this data in nominal form in order to place the appropriate number of contract hedges through our NYMEX broker.  
 
 2) We need the NYMEX equivalent positions for basis so we can place NYMEX hedges as proxy for basis. 
 
 Maria has a call into Pat Ryder to determine whether the ENA Price positions are PV'd or nominal.  We may need those adjusted as well.
 
 Please set up a meeting w/ Risk to discuss the concept of NYMEX equivalent basis contracts.  Include ENA and EES risk folks as well as me, Maria Garza, and Yuan Tian.  (Yuan is out today.)  As you commented, we need to determine that we agree with the methodology and conversion factor prior to including basis in the hedge quantity.
 
 Thanks 
 
   
    Cc:     Ratliff, David; Draper, David 
  
 Attached is the information that we discussed last evening. 
 
 Please note the following -there are separate tabs for price, basis and index. 
         The tabs that indicate "OXY II Only" are exactly that -the deals associated with the potential second bid from OXY for additional activity.
 
         The tabs that DO NOT indicate OXY II consolidate both the base keeper list + the OXY II activity. 
 
 If there is any doubt as to what you are looking at, check the first four lines or the worksheet.  There will be a designation of what is and is not included.
 
 SRM 
 
  << File: 03.22.01 Nesco (txt).xls >> 