
 
 There are 3 excellent players whom I would draft onto any team that have not been picked up on the Netco list.  
 
 Two of the three are Todd Hall and Kevin Sweeney - details below in my e-mail to Louise.  
 
 Another excellent player is Shona Wilson.  She currently leads the group that produces the DPR and the MPR.  She had excellent experience with PWC before joining Enron, auditing trading companies in Europe.  I have some thoughts on the value that she could bring in working with a new owner of the business.  She could be instrumental in blending our risk reporting process with another entity.  
 
 I am not sure about the extent of your involvement with the creation of Netco.  If you do anticipate being involved, I would like to talk with you about these individuals and the roles that they could play in creating the best team for Netco.  --Sally 
 
  
     
 The list of proposed Netco employees that Amy Fitzpatrick provided to me at your request included tabs for Weather and Crude.  Do you contemplate that Netco would trade those commodities/products?  Bob Hall's team that he has assembled for Netco does not include anyone with either Weather or Crude operations experience.  
 
 We retained two top-notch operations individuals - Todd Hall and Kevin Sweeney - who at this time are not on the list for Netco.  Both have extensive risk management experience and both have also managed all aspects of trading operations - documentation, risk books and settlements.  Todd and Kevin each are good managers and they are working managers who know how to execute the details.
 
 Todd has most recently been in charge of all aspects of operations for Weather.  Prior to has role in EGM, Todd created the MPR and supported all daily activities around valuing the assets in that portfolio.  He also has had extensive experience in gas risk management.   
 
 Sweeney's most recent assignment has been to manage operations for EIM.  The bulk of his Enron experience has been in crude and crude products.  He was part of the original team that opened the Singapore trading office and has experience in the UK as well.  
 
 If you anticipate dealing in commodities outside gas and power, Todd and Kevin would both be great players to have on the Netco team.  
 
 Let's discuss.  --Sally 