
 
 I am so glad that you will be able to attend.  I will have a fully developed 
 draft agenda available within the next couple of days.  It may help to know 
 that the plans for Sunday will start with a cocktail reception at 5:00 at the 
 hotel, followed by dinner at the hotel at 7:00.  We hope to have Mark Frevert 
 join us that night to informally address the group.  Sunday night will be 
 low-key, as so many of you will have travelled a number of hours to get to 
 Houston.  On Tuesday, the plan is to meet until mid-afternoon (3:00?), so 
 that some of the London participants can fly back to London that evening.  I 
 do believe that some will stay Tuesday night and will plan to have meetings 
 in the Houston office on Wednesday.  If that is the case, I will also arrange 
 a dinner for Tuesday night.  Hope that this helps!  
 
 
 
 

 10/08/2000 11:37 PM
    
 Thanks for the invitation Sally and I would be delighted to attend. 
 
 When it is convenient could someone please send me the agenda so that I can 
 ensure the flight times I have booked are appropriate.
 
 With thanks
 
 Heidi Mason 
 Chief Financial Officer
 Enron Australia
 
 
 


 	06/10/2000 07:05 AM
 		 













 		  		  
 Save the date!  October 22-24  has been reserved for the Enron-wide 
 Operations Controller Forum to be held in Houston at the Warwick Hotel.  To 
 accommodate the desired travel schedule of our attendees outside the Houston 
 office, the forum will kick-off the evening of Sunday, October 22.  We will 
 have a full day and evening on Monday, October 23, and the forum will 
 conclude mid-afternoon on Tuesday, October 24.
 
 Many key Enron players will join us for portions of the forum.  Speakers 
 confirmed to date are Jeff Skilling, Rick Causey, Ted Murphy and Bill 
 Bradford.
 
 Details will follow in the next few days.  All hotel accommodations will be 
 arranged by Patti and charges for these will be absorbed by my cost center.  
 Please make your own airline reservations.
 
 I look forward to seeing you at the forum.  This will be a unique opportunity 
 to get know your counterparts from the wholesale, retail, and broadband 
 segments of Enron, with contingents from the U.S., Canada, England, 
 Australia, and Japan.
 
 Sally
 
 
 
