
 
 We need a written letter from the previous agent regarding transfer to new agent as well as a written document from the new agent consenting to same.  In addition,  the contract party should consent and acknowledge this transfer in written form. 
 
  
     
 
 Just a quick check on the Ila Powell change of agent issue I had contacted you on (copy of email enclosed).  Synop-she had contacted us via written request (I faxed a copy to you) to change the agent listed in Counterparty, but the contract is in her name; you were going to let me know what steps she needs to take to correctly change agent from herself to her son. 
 
 Regards,
 
 Ruby Kyser
 Ext 5-8136
 
 
  
     
 Good evening/morning.  I spoke to you last week regarding CPID 33395, Ila Powell, Agent and her request to have the agent name changed.  You had asked me to do some more research and find out what kind of contract we have with her and what she is "agent" for.  I spoke to Susan Ellidge in Contracts and she relayed that Enron has a Committed Reserves Agreement dated 1993 with Ila Powell, contract number 96002428.  The contract is between Enron and Ila Powell and she is listed on the contract as seller (of the commodity) and agent (for the wells involved).
 
 The request we received, which I faxed a copy of to your office, states she wants all information on the wells sent to Dennis Powell, Agent (who is located at a different address/different state than the address we have for Ila Powell in GCP).  It also states she is no longer the agent.  I would like to call her advise her of a proper legal request for change of agent, but I have a feeling there will be more involved than a simple notarized request since there is a contract already in place.  Please advise what steps are needed to make this requested change of agent so that I may contact Ms Powell and relay the instructions in an intelligent manner (I am not legal savvy).
 
 Your expertise and advise are greatly appreciated.
 
 Ruby Kyser
 Ext 5-8136