
     Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
 X- X- X- X-b X-Folder: \ExMerge - Platter, Phillip\Sent Items
 X-Origin: PLATTER-P
 X-FileName: phillip platter 6-26-02.PST
 
 
 fyi for your neighbor
 












  
 
 Everyone - I wanted to tell you about a new promotion that the Alumni Association has going on - the Fall Life Promotion.  Be among the first 400 people to purchase a life membership by Dec. 1, and you'll be entered in a drawing for one of the following prize packages:
 
 *	Trip to the 2001-2002 Husker Bowl Game (One Winner)A trip for two to the 2002 Rose Bowl (or to whichever bowl the Huskers appear in) including round-trip airfare, hotel accommodations, Husker Huddle
 pre-game event, game tickets and more.
 
 *	The Ultimate Game-day Experience (Seven Winners)Each package will give the winner an ultimate game-day experience for a home football weekend in 2002.  Winners will receive two round-trip tickets 
 on *Southwest Airlines, two nights' accommodations at Lincoln's Cornhusker Hotel, two game tickets and two guest passes to the Nebraska Champions Club for pre- and post-game parties.  *If the winner lives within driving distance, Southwest Airline tickets can be used any time for a round trip between two "Southwest cities" by Dec. 1, 2002.  
 
 *	Gift Certificates for Husker Merchandise (20 Winners)
 Winners will receive a $25 gift certificate for Husker merchandise from the Red Zone.  Thousands of choices are available in fine Husker clothing, memorabilia and accessories.
 
 *	Benefits for a lifetime
 As a life member you'll continue to receive the award-winning publications, including Nebraska Magazine, the Good NUz, the Alumni Resource Guide and your college newsletter.  In addition, you'll receive highest 
 consideration when ordering football tickets for  selected members-only football games each fall.  You'll also have the opportunity to request up to 
 four tickets for these select games rather than two.  Your life membership supports an endowment to offer programs that further the mission of the university and enhance the quality of student life.  In addition, these programs keep alumni and friends involved and informed.  Be a part of that effort and purchase a life membership today.
 
 The quest for 400 new life members through the fall promotion officially kicked off on Wednesday, August 15.  The first 400 new life or paying life members who join between August 15 and December 1 will automatically be considered for the fantastic promotional prize drawing to be held in early December.  
 
 An individual can qualify for the drawing by joining as a new life/paying life member or by upgrading from an annual membership to a life/paying life
 membership.  Current life and paying life members who joined between July 15 and August 15 will also be considered for the drawing, BUT they must first call 
 the Association at 888-353-1874 to indicate their interest in being included.  Be sure to use our chapter code ORE when completing the membership form.
 
 I have attached a membership form for your use or find out more about the Alumni Association by going to www.unl.edu/alumni.  Good luck in the drawing!  
 
 
 
 
 
 Get your FREE zHuskers.com e-mail account at http://www.zhuskers.com