
 
 Please attend meetings 1 and 3 and provide meeting summaries directly to Rika for internal distribution.
 
 Thanks.
 
  
    Cc:	Imai, Rika
  
 Kevin,
 We are two months into the new contract and have not yet gone to any NRC
 meetings.  There do not seem to be many that are significant.  I had been
 expecting (and still am) that a meeting with Palisades ought to be scheduled
 soon.  I even talked with one of the NRC staff to see if one was going to be
 coming up.  Although the NRC said that there probably would be one, nothing
 is yet scheduled.  I also expected a meeting to be conducted with Cook due
 to the twin outages they are experiencing--but again, nothing yet.
 
 There are a couple on the agenda now that may be of interest--certainly not
 if we had meetings of real plant problems, but since we have now a contract
 backlog of four meetings with two more for October, you might want us to
 attend some of these meetings of lesser import.
 
 1. 10/2/01 - A meeting with the public to discuss DOE's Tritium Production
 Program.  DOE, NRC, and TVA (representatives from Watts Bar and Sequoyah)
 will be conducting this meeting.  Since it is just a public informational
 meeting, there will probably not be much new information given.  But I am
 sure the public will have opportunity to ask questions, and if you have some
 questions you would like me to ask, we could do that.
 
 2. 9/26/01 - A meeting to discuss a revision to the NEI document outlining
 the Regulatory Assessment Performance Indicator Guideline of the Revised
 Reactor Oversight Process.  Again, it is not something that we absolutely
 need right now, and we should be able to get the final product later, but it
 may be helpful to hear discussion so that we can determine what the NRC
 concerns are and how they will be leaning in inspections.
 
 3. 10/18/01 - A meeting with the commissioners to discuss regulatory reform.
 This provides a higher level understanding of where the NRC is headed.  This
 meeting may include discussion of new reactor construction.
 
 That is it for meetings of any kind of interest.  If you want me to go to
 any of these, please let me know.  You may want to save the meetings in case
 things get hot and heavy later, but it's kind of doubtful that we would ever
 exceed the number available especially now with a backlog.
 Let me know.
 
 Dan