
 
 I talked to him this morning and feels comfortable with his marks.   He is long, so he better.   Like I told you yesterday, I wouldn't hesitate to to be more aggressive on the front in ERCOT, particularly in the North where Doug is long.
 
 I'll keep you posted.
 
  
     
 FYI.
 
 One thing to note is the recurring hammering I receive because we are uncompetitive in TX.  If Doug's curves are inacurate then we need to resolve.
 
 RH
 
  

  
 Jay, our group has been literally blown out of the water with the commodity parcel approach as tested in the TX market this quarter.   It is very important that we schedule some dedicated time with Rogers to better understand our product limitations in the market.  I will look to you to arrange this.  
 
 Instead of enabling larger deals through partial commodity master agreement placement, we have only succeeded in impugning the integrity of our larger offering.
 
 Deals now wounded include:
 ICI
 Miller/Kraft
 AGF
 Crown Cork
 Heartland (Collins and Aikman, Metaldyne)
 
 MES has scheduled a 1/2 day offsite 10/16 with Blachman.  (Please set time aside to attend) Hopefully, Dave Delainey and Janet will also participate.  At that off site, the originators will present a comprehensive sales plan that effectively lays out the prospecting and closing process against approximately 50 companies over the next 5 quarters.  Efforts will be specifically delineated across commodity in places we have product, with milestones for master/confirm placement and associated gross margin (MTM), plus concurrent timelines for DSM as well.
 
 All this means nothing if we continue to get hammered in the commodity marketplace, however.  If we cannot be competitive with either price or product structure, then we must once again rethink our macro approach to the market.
 
 
 
 
  << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 	Enron Energy Services   		
 
 
 
 
    
 Miller has indicated to us this afternoon (informally) that our bid was not one of the top two they are considering.  Both Jeff and I are continuing to follow-up with Miller to see if there is anything we can do, but it appears our pricing fell short (we quoted $38.80/MWh, which was $1/MWh below the desk offer of $39.80).  Please call if you would like to discuss.
 
 Thanks
