
 
 FYI.
  
 
     
 
 Some South East Power infomation 
 
     
 
  
 
     
 
 
 Industry notes on curtailments and closures
 
 
 RandomLengths
 09/27/2001
 
 
 Plywood/OSB
 
 
 Advanced Wood Resources, Brownsville, Ore., will cease all operations as of November 20. "Severe competition from the lower-priced OSB, combined with challenging economic conditions and rising costs associated with increased environmental standards," were cited as reasons for the closure.
 
 Georgia-Pacific has announced plans to shut down nine plywood mills in the South for one week starting October 1 to replenish log supplies.
 
 Hunt Forest Products will shut down its plywood mill in Natalbany, La., for one week starting October 1 due to tight log supplies.
 
 LP has announced market-related downtime at most of its U.S. and Canadian OSB mills. Most of the mills will be down a minimum of one week, starting October 8. Plants in Sagola, Mich., and Jasper, Texas, will be down the week of October 1. Hayward, Wis., will be down the week of October 15. Carthage, Texas, will be down the week of September 24. And Silsbee, Texas, will be down the week of October 8 and for four to six weeks thereafter for a press rebuild.
 
 Willamette Industries' plywood mill in Dodson, La., will shut down the week of September 24 for scheduled maintenance.
 
 
 LUMBER
 
 
 Harwood Products, Branscomb, Calif., has cut production by 20% due to market conditions
 
 Weyerhaeuser will close its three Cedar sawmills in British Columbia for an indefinite duration beginning next week. Market conditions were cited.
 
 Canadian Forest Products will reduce output at its sawmills in British Columbia and Alberta by an estimated 70 million board feet during October.
 
 Abitibi Consolidated plans to cut production by about 25% at all of its sawmills over the next four weeks. "Market conditions and supplemental export costs" were cited as reasons for the curtailments.
 
 Slocan Forest Products will reduce production by 30 million board feet by curtailing production the first week of October
 
 For more information, visit RandomLengths <http://www.randomlengths.com/>
 
  
 Roger Dieringer
 Corporate Supply Manager - Energy
 936.788.9759  Phone
 936.524.0609  Cellular Phone
 888.710-0640  Pager
  