
 
 
 
  
     
 
 
 Distributed  Generation Conference
 August 7-10, 2001 Denver, Colorado
  Overview
 
 The distributed generation (DG) market is growing  rapidly, estimated to reach 25-30 gigawatts by 2010. Join us at the Distributed  Generation Conference and hear the latest information and overview of the  business and technical prospects for distributed generation. Our panel of expert  speakers will address the economics of distributed generation, evolving  regulatory policies, market projections, interconnection challenges, pricing  issues and much more. The Conference will also debate the role of distributed  generation (where and how), and identify the strengths and weaknesses of the  different generation technologies.
 The brochure for the Conference and associated  Workshops is attached in pdf format. Please print the brochure and fax the registration  form back to us at 303-741-0849 if you would like to attend. Or you may register  online.
  
 
 Electric Power  Market Performance Conference
 September 20-21, 2001, Denver,  Colorado
   Overview
 
 Each year there is additional opportunity to draw  lessons regarding electricity market structure and design from actual market  performance. These lessons are leading to a convergence in market design, at  least in the Eastern Interconnection and Ercot. One focus of this conference  will be on the lessons to be drawn from the experience of the new Ercot markets,  the continuing market design problems in California, and the difficulties in  developing and implementing a market based congestion management system in the  Midwest.
 A second focus of this conference will be on the  existing markets in PJM and New York, which have now moved beyond managing their  internal markets and are being pushed by market participants and regulatory  agencies to better address inter-RTO coordination and develop market based  incentive systems for transmission expansion.
 Finally, the conference will highlight one of the  important, but little noticed successes of the Eastern ISOs, which is the  explosive growth in the PJM and New York financial rights auctions.
 The brochure for the Conference and associated  Workshop is attached in pdf format.Please print the brochure and fax the registration form back to us at  303-741-0849 if you would like to attend. Or you may register  online.
 Kindly  forward this announcement to your colleagues who might benefit from attending  these conferences/workshops/courses.
 Best  Regards,
 L.  Mrig
 Electric Utility Consultants, Inc. (EUCI)
 5555 Preserve  Drive
 Greenwood Village CO 80121

 Send  us a note if you do not wish to receive these announcements.
  
  
  