
 
 Lloyd and I will be assembling a team soon.   All discussion should go through Lloyd.
 
  
     
 Kevin,
 
 We have not met personnally however I was in the meeting a couple of weeks
 ago where Accenture, Lloyd Will and Steve Nat presented recommendations
 related to building systems capability to support East Desk trading growth.
 
 I spoke to Lloyd today regarding his approach below for obtaining
 additional business ownership associated with that plan. I wanted to see if
 you had any specific business personnel in mind to be involved in this
 process. If so, I wanted to pass that onto my guys to make sure they were
 focused on getting the right people involved in the process.
 
 Thanks for your input,
 
 Phil Crosby
 Accenture - Partner
 
 
 

 07/06/2001 12:48 AM EST
 

         Assessment
 
 
 I'm on the road and will not be available until next Tuesday at the
 earliest.
 
 For us to finish this work we need to have the front line customers in a
 room for a day or two and review your initial findings.  So far accenture
 has done all of the work with each of us in isolation and this has lead to
 us being further apart rather than leaving us with a common vision to start
 from.
 
 I do not feel that accenture is ready for Kevin at this point however his
 number is 713-853-5035 if you want to call him after 3:00 but I believe he
 is out this Friday.  I'm available by cell at 713-806-6294 if you want to
 discuss.
 
 For both tracks below Enron needs to create our team that will own and
 drive this work and this will take a little time as indicated in the
 meeting.  What we need is for accenture to finish the initial evaluation
 and work with us on the possible solutions and the effort required.  Once
 this is done an Enron team will be able to review the report and costs to
 complete our own evaluation.
 
 The recommendations on what we do next will be coming from an Enron team.
 For these projects to be successful we need to have customer commitment or
 they will fail.
 
 This was the initial intent of bring you in no more no less.
 
     
     

 
 

                  Assessment
 
    All,
 
    Attached is a little more detail around the approach to refine the
    program
    plan associated with the Competitive Market Trading Assessment work.
    Please take a look and let me know if you have comments. I would like to
    begin execution of the plan next Monday when Mani Vadari and Mike
    Templin
    are in Houston.
 
    Essentially there are two tracks.
 
    1. Near Term Program Development - The first track involves reviewing
    the
    initial recommendations developed over the past weeks with the business
    and
    also confirming the near term capabilities/projects which they believe
    we
    need to focus on. The main objective here is to make sure we are in
    sync.
    with the near term business needs and are able to link the projects very
    specifically to those needs. I also want to make sure that the business
    buys into the initial recommendations and is able to articulate the
    benefits. If they don't we probably need to refine the recommendations.
 
    2. Confirm Longer Term Program - The second track is to reconcile the
    the
    longer term plan developed by the team with the near term priorities
    defined in Step 1, as well as break the longer term initiatives into
    more
    incremental components. I also wanted Mike Templin to investigate in
    more
    detail how the incremental EnPower Trading architecture migration would
    work (per Madhup's healthy scepticism).
 
    Lloyd, I wanted to make sure that Kevin is on board with this approach.
    Is
    it possible to set up a meeting tomorrow (Friday) with him to discuss
    his
    perspective?
 
    Regards
 
    Phil Crosby
    Accenture
 
    (See attached file: EnronPriorities3.PPT)
     - EnronPriorities3.PPT << File: EnronPriorities3.PPT >>
 
 
