
 
 Glad to hear it. 
 
  
     
 yes,
 
 Edith was extremely pleased and just had a few questions on grants that I am following up on.  Presented Narsimha this am, asked him to read it and give me comments.  I think they were both very good packages.  I hope narsimha is pleased.  He is doing an excellent job as we all know, but I have talked to him recently about stepping up a little more, taking some major ownershi, showing leadership and digging into these position issues.  He has done great thus far, but that was the easy stuff really.  So, we will see how he responds - I think the package was very fair with continued upside.
 
 RH
 
  
     
 I am locking up all of the hourly leads and having a discussion with them regarding there top performers and contract status this week.   It is becoming increasingly difficult to put non-managers under contract, so that is my challenge for the hourly group.   Having said that, I concur with your suggestions.
 
 I am assuming you are presenting Narsima and Edith there promotion and contract packages.   Please confirm.
 
  
     
 Kevin -
 
 I spoke to Ed Baughman aearlier while on 31 and I wanted to follow-up with a comment on the SE Hourly group. 
 
 I think those guys have done a pretty good job in the first half and have really made the effort to get to know their customers.  I thinkk Juan received a promotion and I hope he is going to get a decent bump in base with that.  However, I am not sure what the status is with Rudy and Miguel.  I think (not sure) that they are under contract and are probably paid a little light vs. the competition.  I would view the going rate for good hourly guys as about $85k based on what I have heard lately.  May stagnate a little bit with the outlook.
 
 Do you think it is worth throwing these two guys a small incentive mid-year to let them know that we are aware of the competition and appreciate the work they are doing.  I am suggesting something small, around $5k each.  What do you think.  I know it is probably not a good day to discuss this but i think it is worth some consideration, and for all I know you have already addressed it.
 
 Also, I would like to postpone our Monday meeting.  I have to interview someone and would like to get with Jay and Mark Jackson and then discuss RSO and T&D positions.
 
 RH