
 
 
 
  
     
 FYI - see below.
 ----- Forwarded by Tom Hoatson/NA/Enron on 06/12/2001 05:41 PM -----
 
 

 
 

 
 For Immediate Release
 REGIONAL TRANSMISSION 
 EXPANSION  PLAN APPROVED
 Plan addresses region's
 long-term transmission needs
 
 (Valley Forge, PA - June 7, 2001) - PJM Interconnection, LLC's Board of Managers
 approved on Tuesday, June 5 the second Regional Transmission Expansion Plan
 (RTEP) for the PJM region. The plan includes more than $420 million of
 transmission facility additions and reinforcements to ensure the continued
 reliable delivery of electricity in the region and to enhance the robustness of
 the PJM energy and capacity markets.
 PJM operates one of the largest electricity grids in the nation - a region that
 includes all or parts of PA, NJ, DE, MD, VA and D.C. The PJM RTEP, the only such
 process of its kind in the nation, consolidates the region's transmission needs
 into a uniform, comprehensive strategy. 
 The RTEP is unique as it is:
 *		 Driven by the comprehensive transmission service needs of the region,
 *		 Developed based on input from an inclusive group of stakeholders -
 including transmission owners, generation developers, market participants and
 representatives from state regulatory bodies,
 *		 Recommended by the PJM staff, following extensive evaluation performed
 in coordination with PJM transmission owners, to ensure the plan meets the needs
 of the PJM transmission system in the most efficient and effective manner, 
 *		 Reviewed by all stakeholders in the region through the PJM Transmission
 Expansion Advisory Committee, and
 *		 Reviewed and approved by the PJM Board of Managers for implementation.
 "The RTEP delivers real results through transmission enhancements and expansions
 in order to meet the generation and growth needs of the mid-Atlantic region for
 the next 10 years," said Phillip Harris, PJM chief executive officer and
 president. "In short, this plan ensures bulk power reliability for our region."
 PJM's Board of Managers approved the first RTEP in August 2000. As a result of
 that plan, approximately $300 million of transmission facility additions and
 reinforcements are currently in design or construction to, in part, accommodate
 the interconnection of more than 15,000 megawatts of new generating capacity to
 the PJM region. This second, updated plan includes transmission upgrades to
 ensure the continuing compliance of the PJM system with regional reliability
 criteria and to accommodate the interconnection of 43 generation projects,
 amounting to more than 12,500 megawatts of new generating capacity. The two
 phases of the plan, approved to date, now include more than $720 million of
 transmission infrastructure investments and accommodate more than 27,500
 megawatts of new generating capacity within the PJM region.
 The PJM Board of Managers, an independent, eight-member board that has no
 financial interest in any PJM member, oversees the direction of the PJM office
 and is responsible for ensuring the safe and reliable operation of the robust
 and competitive PJM wholesale power market.
 PJM operates the world's largest competitive wholesale electricity market and
 one of North America's largest power grids. The company currently coordinates a
 pooled generating capacity of more than 58,000 megawatts and operates a
 wholesale electricity market with more than 200 market buyers, sellers and
 traders of electricity. PJM has administered more than $5 billion in energy and
 energy service trades since the regional markets opened in 1997. More than 70
 nations have sent delegates to PJM to learn about the market model and the
 operation of the grid in the mid-Atlantic states.
 
 ######
 
 
 
 
 Please DO NOT REPLY to this message. If you have a question for PJM Customer
 Relations and Training, please complete and submit this form:
 http://www.pjm.com/contact/questions.html
 

 containing only the following line in the body of the e-mail:
 
 unsubscribe pjm-customer-info
 
