
 
 hey kevin do you have the website that the league was on I need to look at the old team
 password also please
 
 dq
 
 Long live the Rock baby
 
  
     
 Malone has officially kicked Stockton off the team...therefore, I will be
 jumping to the weak ASS north (A DREAM COME TRUE FOR ME) to join Malone
 (although our name will change) and leave my Southern team in the capable
 hands of my co-owner Jeff.  Dutch has said that he will be back.  Thus, that
 is 3 teams spoken for.
 
 S & M RULES!!!
 
 
 





  
 
 Well it seems that Kevin has already done plenty of work on this.  I'm glad
 to see that plenty of people are still interested and planning on being
 there.  Dan's e-mail is bouncing back - so Ty try and get in touch with him,
 and Jody if need be.
 
 I'm assuming that the franchise player issue for next year will be voted on
 at the draft, as usual.  Kiske, a motion to eliminate Tight Ends?
 
 Current status quo - franchise players were voted on at last year's draft
 and will be allowed for this season, but we will be voting on whether or not
 to eliminate them for upcoming seasons.
 
 Everyone comfortable with announcing your franchise player by August 31?
 
 I'll designate my franchise player as Edgerrin James.
 I vote for September 8th as well,  11 or 12 is fine with me.
 
 Michael
 
 
 
 






  
 
 dan and i are in...probably bj as well.  bj and i are totally against
 franchise players and if we are keeping them then they should be
 announced (as usual) prior to the draft.
 
 jody...care to join us????
 

 

 I sent an E-mail to Deluke and others and was told that the agreed upon date
 was Sept 8...mainly due to the previous weekend being Labor Day.  I would
 prefer our usual start time around 11 or 12.  I have somewhere else to be
 around 5pm or so.  We also agreed to divulge franchise players and determine
 draft order the day of the draft.  If anyone has issues...then speak now.
 
 Later,
 
 Kevin
 
 ----- Original Message -----






   
 
 >
 > Yes that time has come upon us again - fantasy football for the 2001
 season.
 > I'm sure I echo everyone's feelings about the loss of Rick Pearce.  It's
 > been a tough summer because of it.  Since Rick took care of much of the
 > Commissioner's duties the past few years, we are in a void.  That being
 > said, I want to start this process of keeping our league intact.  Please
 > respond as quickly as possible and let me know your intentions as far as
 >
 > (1) playing in the league
 > (2) preference for a draft date (September 1 which is Labor Day Weekend,
 or
 > September 9)
 > (3) anyone you know who might be interested in joining the league.
 >
 >
 >
 > Thanks
 >
 > Michael Currie
 > Barking Spiders
 >


 >
