
 
 
 I am indifferent on the location just though downtown might be easier for everyone 
 My poor drafting will be the same no matter where it happens
 
 Dutch
 
 
  
     
 CAN WE VOTE ON OUR NEW ADDITION?
 jody and the former 'less than zero star' are in...and i'm sure
 rick, grant, dan, bj, & currie would back me on any vote for newcomer!
 we also have to pick the place...either ENRON field or jody's place?
 i'll be marathon training that morning so i'll be rushing to whichever
 location we choose.  i'm cool with the spotswig residence if he's
 offering.
 5 votes for jody....who else is out there?
 

 

 O.K...O.K...After all these years (Rick would definitely get a kick out of
 this), I guess I'm in.  It was much more fun to sit back and laugh at Ty and
 Dan each week though.  I'm sure I'll pay for that now.
 
 Ty, if you can get John Sz. on board, he and I can put together a team this
 year if you're still looking to fill a spot.  I need John for sure though.
 
 I'll throw my house in the hat as well for a possible location to do the
 draft.
 
 We're 5 min. up from HWY 249 (by Willowbrook mall and the horse track), or
 about 15min. from 45N/Beltway, or about 15min. from 290W/Beltway.
 
 You make the call.....
 
 Later,
 Jody
 
 	Jerry D. Spottswood
 	ISSG Marketing/Launch Support Programs
 	ISSG Divisional Marketing
 	Phone:  (281)514-0279
 	Pager:  (800)507-0120

 
 
 
 
 




 Cc: Spottswood, Jerry
  
 
 September 8th it is!  franchise players to be named by 8/31!
 draft will be 11-12 ish but where?  dan has volunteered his house
 (pearland)...we can do it at mine (katy)...or anywhere else that might
 be more centrally located?
 jody has shown interest for years and even held the draft at his place
 a few years back (the infamous pool basketball tournament...and the black
 eyes which resulted from it....and let's not forget the HAWK/rotweiller -C
  URBY/warlock doberman showdown).  i say we give him the first
 opportunity.
 
 jody,
 once we figure who has designated a franchise player then the remaining
 teams without one have what we call a supplemental draft....basically a
 catch up round.  there is one catch for those who pick franchise players....
 when we draw numbers for the 1st "official" round they pick at the bottom
 because they have the best players in hand.
 
 sorry if i'm being the brother at arms but we need to finalize asap.  the
 cost
 is $225????  someone please confirm.   jody, john szallai is back in town
 and wants in on the action and i will share a team with him if necessary
 or you can???  we also vote at every draft what upcoming changes we
 desire for the following year.
 
 

 

 Malone has officially kicked Stockton off the team...therefore, I will be
 jumping to the weak ASS north (A DREAM COME TRUE FOR ME) to join Malone
 (although our name will change) and leave my Southern team in the capable
 hands of my co-owner Jeff.  Dutch has said that he will be back.  Thus, that
 is 3 teams spoken for.
 
 S & M RULES!!!
 
 
 





  
 
 Well it seems that Kevin has already done plenty of work on this.  I'm glad
 to see that plenty of people are still interested and planning on being
 there.  Dan's e-mail is bouncing back - so Ty try and get in touch with him,
 and Jody if need be.
 
 I'm assuming that the franchise player issue for next year will be voted on
 at the draft, as usual.  Kiske, a motion to eliminate Tight Ends?
 
 Current status quo - franchise players were voted on at last year's draft
 and will be allowed for this season, but we will be voting on whether or not
 to eliminate them for upcoming seasons.
 
 Everyone comfortable with announcing your franchise player by August 31?
 
 I'll designate my franchise player as Edgerrin James.
 I vote for September 8th as well,  11 or 12 is fine with me.
 
 Michael
 
 
 
 






  
 
 dan and i are in...probably bj as well.  bj and i are totally against
 franchise players and if we are keeping them then they should be
 announced (as usual) prior to the draft.
 
 jody...care to join us????
 

 

 I sent an E-mail to Deluke and others and was told that the agreed upon date
 was Sept 8...mainly due to the previous weekend being Labor Day.  I would
 prefer our usual start time around 11 or 12.  I have somewhere else to be
 around 5pm or so.  We also agreed to divulge franchise players and determine
 draft order the day of the draft.  If anyone has issues...then speak now.
 
 Later,
 
 Kevin
 
 ----- Original Message -----






   
 
 >
 > Yes that time has come upon us again - fantasy football for the 2001
 season.
 > I'm sure I echo everyone's feelings about the loss of Rick Pearce.  It's
 > been a tough summer because of it.  Since Rick took care of much of the
 > Commissioner's duties the past few years, we are in a void.  That being
 > said, I want to start this process of keeping our league intact.  Please
 > respond as quickly as possible and let me know your intentions as far as
 >
 > (1) playing in the league
 > (2) preference for a draft date (September 1 which is Labor Day Weekend,
 or
 > September 9)
 > (3) anyone you know who might be interested in joining the league.
 >
 >
 >
 > Thanks
 >
 > Michael Currie
 > Barking Spiders
 >


 >