
 
 on these assignments how much can be taken from the NYMEX web site ?
 I was finishing the write up and came across there web presentation that is
 much more detailed. Can we copy it over to be used ?
 
 dq
 
  

  
 Hello Dutch.
 
 Below, I've detailed your assignment for the upcoming week. I've included
 the high-level outline for each content area that you should follow when
 writing this content. Remember - this assignment should be placed in the
 ECW that Monica and I showed you last week. I've included instructions to
 remind you how to use this tool.  Note - If the content you have written
 does not fit onto the page, please just send it to us in an email. Thank
 you!
 
 Website:
 http://reds2000.click2learn.com/PROJECTS/accenture/Enron/launchpad.html
 Login: dquigley
 Password: Enron4
 
 (See attached file: ECW Instructions.doc)
 
 This Week's Assignment: This week's assignment will be to write about each
 of the following areas:
 1) Uses of Futures  (Page 1_4_3_1  -  in the Futures topic)
 2) Buying a Call/Selling a Call (Page 1_7_4_1  - in the Options topic)
 
 Due  
 Outlines to Help Guide You When Writing
 Uses of Futures
    Hedge (temporary substitutes for physical transactions planned for the
    future)
    Speculation (hope to profit from future price changes)
    Physical (Make or take delivery)
    Price discovery (find out what the price of the commodity is at a
    particular time in the future)
 
 Buying a Call/Selling a Call
    Buying a Call: Long position
    Physical and financial example and payout associated with it
    Selling a Call: Short position
    Physical and financial example and payout associated with it
    Market expectations on when to buy or sell a call
 
 Finally and most importantly, please keep in mind that the completion of
 these assignments significantly impacts the the ability of our BRM project
 to stay on schedule and within budget. If you are unable to complete this
 assignment, please notify me ahead of time and provide an estimated time
 for completion.
 
 Thank you.
 
 Sheri A. Righi
 Accenture
 Human Performance Service Line
 Hartford - One Financial Plaza
 Direct Dial: 860 756 2245
 VPN & Octel: 765 2245

 
 
 This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain
 privileged or confidential information.  If you have received it in error,
 please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.  Any other
 use of the email by you is prohibited.
  - ECW Instructions.doc << File: ECW Instructions.doc >> 