
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Benjamin Rogers/HOU/ECT on 11/13/2000 
 10:28 AM ---------------------------
 
 

 11/10/2000 05:48 PM









   
 VERY INTERESTING...
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Ceci Twachtman/HOU/EES on 11/10/2000 
 05:23 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 11/10/2000 03:19 PM
    
 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by David Haug/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
 11/10/2000 03:16 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 11/10/2000 11:07 AM











  
  
 DO YOU THINK HE WOULD??
 
 --
  Al Gore and 
 Constitution 
 
 --
 , 2000 WorldNetDaily.com 
 
 Ever since I saw Al Gore give that uncharacteristically statesman-like speech 
 defending the integrity of the Electoral College system under the 
 Constitution of the United States, I've been scratching my head trying to 
 figure it out. 
 
 Who was this guy? Was this the same Al Gore who has demonstrated -- time and 
 time again -- so little respect for the Constitution during the last eight 
 years? Why was he giving up on the idea of a challenge to the Electoral 
 College, when it seemed many in his camp were banking on that as their last 
 line of defense? 
 
 Well, I think I have figured it out. Actually, there are two possibilities. 
 
 The first thought that came to me was that this was Al Gore's 
 "Don't-watch-the-man-behind-the-curtain speech." While he was extolling the 
 virtues of the Constitution, his minions in Florida -- from Bill Daley to 
 Jesse Jackson -- were busy subverting it by any means necessary. It was Al 
 Gore's way of establishing public plausible deniability. He stood above the 
 fray, while his cohorts did the dirty work. 
 
 But, more recently, another thought has occurred to me -- a darker, more 
 sinister thought. I hope I am wrong. I pray that, this time, I am 
 overestimating the deviousness of Al Gore. But that, of course, is always a 
 difficult task. 
 
 Think, for a moment, why Al Gore would suddenly be reading and citing the 
 Constitution. 
 
 The answer is that, in this instance, it gives him all the power. What do I 
 mean? 
 
 Who is it, under the Constitution, that is specifically charged with 
 certifying the Electoral College votes of each state? You guessed it. The 
 president of the U.S. Senate, which also happens to be the vice president of 
 the United States. That's right. The day those Electoral College votes go to 
 the Senate to be counted and certified to choose the next president of these 
 United States, Al Gore will be holding all the cards. 
 
 "Oh, Farah," you say, "you don't think Al Gore would tamper with the results 
 in any way with the whole world watching, do you?" 
 
 Well, let's think about what has been happening in Florida for the last 
 several days. Al Gore's campaign managers have been whipping up hysteria 
 stating that the will of the people in that state is being subverted. 
 
 They are filing lawsuits. They are organizing marches. They are all but 
 accusing the Bush campaign of voter fraud. 
 
 Listen to what Bill Daley has to say: "More than 100 million Americans voted 
 on Tuesday and more voted for Al Gore than George Bush. Here in Florida it 
 also seems very likely that more voters went to the polls believing that they 
 were voting for Al Gore than for George Bush. If the will of the people is to 
 prevail Al Gore should be awarded a victory in Florida, and be our next 
 president of the United States." 
 
 They've decided that no matter what the actual vote count shows, Gore wins. 
 
 Now, all Gore has to do on that fateful day in the U.S. Senate is reject for 
 certification the Electoral College votes of Florida, and he wins the 
 majority and becomes president. Sorry, Bush fans. I don't think there's a 
 thing you can do about it other than protest, complain and stomp your feet. 
 Better start planning your legal strategy now. I'll bet Al Gore's transition 
 team is already hard at work. Barbra Streisand is probably making plans to 
 sing at the Inauguration. Alec Baldwin is unpacking his bags. This could be a 
 fait accompli. I guarantee you a counter to this bold move is not in the Bush 
 campaign's playbook. 
 
 The Gore campaign, still working overtime, has laid the groundwork for the 
 challenge. The Florida vote is tainted, they say. It's too close to call. Too 
 many irregularities. The vote can simply be dismissed by the constitutional 
 authority -- Vice President Al Gore. 
 
 Would you put it past him? I sure wouldn't.
 
 
 
 
 
 --
 
 Joseph Farah is editor and chief executive officer of WorldNetDaily.com and 
 writes a daily column. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
