
 
 Pecan pie would be great - I have tried but do not do that very well, but I 
 love it.  I will probably make pumpkin chiffon and lemon/raspberry pie, so 
 pecan would be a great addition.  Mom is going to do the rolls.  
 
 We will put the reserved sign on the guest room for you  -  improvements in 
 those quarters as well.  I recently cleaned out the guest room closet, bought 
 new towels and have ordered new luggage racks.  We will use the old luggage 
 racks in the media room.  Cool new blanket for the sofa bed in there, 
 however, so Cara and Chris won't suffer too much.  
 
 
 
 

    
 
 Cool--although I did tell little C that since I was big C Richard and I were
 taking the guest room!  I am such a lovely sister, yes?
 
 Richard really, really loves pecan pie--I may try and make it and bring it
 if that is ok with you....or I may just bring one from Luby's....
 
 Really--a pound of coffee would make him very happy for his birthday...
 
 See you soon--
 
 Cindy
 
 
     
 
 
 Thanks for the suggestions for Richard.  Let me know if you think of other
 ideas - I need b'day and Christmas ideas.
 
 Probably the easiest thing to bring for Thanksgiving could be a dessert --
 or something else that is a favorite of your family.  I know that it is
 really kind of hard to travel with food -- particularly since you will
 probably be working on Wednesday morning.  I have made Thanksgiving dinner
 for so many years (one of the few times that I really like to cook), that I
 will be glad to cover it.  Your company will be the very best thing that
 you can bring.  We are looking forward to having you all here.  (The
 sleeper sofa for the media room will arrive this Friday!)
 
 
 
 

 
  cc:
  
 
 Hi...
 
 Still trying to think of things for Richard.  Electric can opener,
 Guatemalan Antigua coffee, new shirt for racquetball--he says XXL--hard to
 find but most chain sporting good stores have that size--probably white or
 something very basic with a collar.  He really does need this--his
 racquetball duds are looking pretty bad...
 
 We are looking forward to Thanksgiving--can't believe it is next week!
 What
 can we bring?
 
 Cindy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
