
 
 thanks
 ----- Forwarded by Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT on 12/28/2000 12:45 PM -----
 

 	12/27/2000 06:42 PM
 		











 		  
 Per the request of Elizabeth Sager, I have attached Enron's latest comments 
 to the Settlement Agreement and a Cover Memo outlining Enron's changes to the 
 agreement.  Let's try to speak early tomorrow AM to discuss any outstanding 
 issues necessary.
 
 Thanks,
 Bill Bradford
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











  
 
 
 REGARDING THE SETTLEMENT, ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
 
 Tracy Ngo correctly pointed out volumetric ambiguities on the two original
 confirmations between Avista Energy and PG&E Energy Trading.
 
 Let me summarize below:
 
 (1) Avista Energy's original confirmation number 404335 showed Total Volume
 of 982,400 MWh's.  PG&E revised the Total Volume to 981,600 MWh.  Avista did
 not respond with an affirmation of the corrected volume.  Our records show
 that the original volume of 982,400 is correct (there was a leap-year day in
 year 2000).  The broker confirm and the PG&E revision seem to be both in
 error.  Obviously any new confirm that is written between Avista Energy and
 Enron will have the proper Total Volume for the remaining MWh's.  Since this
 Assignment references the original confirmation, our counsel recommends
 language to be inserted under Exhibit B as stated below (see email from
 Blair Strong below).  Will this sort of revision be acceptable to PG&E and
 Enron? Please advise.
 
 (2) Avista Energy's original confirmation number 403862 showed a Total
 Volume of 14,400.  PG&E accepted the confirm "as is."  The broker
 confirmation shows total volume correctly as 876,000 MWh's.  Therefore, both
 PG&E and AVISTA screwed up.  HOwever, we acknowledge that the total MWh's
 should correctly be as per the broker confirmation.  Again, our counsel
 recommends language to be inserted under Exhibit B as stated below (see
 email from Blair Strong below).  Will this sort of revision be acceptable to
 PG&E and Enron?  Please advise.
 
 
 To reiterate, we realize that there will be new confirmations between Enron
 and Avista.  Enron has traditionally written the confirmations (Enron's
 confirm's prevail).  Therefore, the new confirms should be acceptable.  We
 would like to see those confirms in advance if possible.
 
 Lastly, time is of the essense.  We are scheduling power already for January
 deliveries....therefore, we must act quickly on this assignment so as to
 prevent any problems with scheduling, etc.  I suppose that we could delay
 the start dates to February 1st, 2001 if necessary.  Perhaps not a big
 issue.
 
 Thanks,
 Nolan Steiner
 Ph: 509-495-8199
 
 
 
 
    Cc: G. Nick Bergh
  
 
 A footenote to be added to Item 1 and Item 2 of Exhibit B
 
 Notwithstanding the contents of Confirmation Number _____, and to clarify
 any ambiguity, the Parties agree that the total volume that Avista agreed to
 sell to PGET and PGET agreed to purchase from Avista during the Term of the
 Confirmation was _______megawatt hours.
 
 
