
 
 ----- Forwarded by Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT on 02/01/2001 08:21 AM -----
 
 	Janet R Dietrich
 	01/31/2001 04:34 PM
 		 








 		  
 John, thanks for the update. I sat down with John Lavorato and Dana Davis 
 this morning to review the deal and get John's approval under the current 
 terms. He has approved the deal in it's current form however, to the extent 
 that we have any material change in the terms I'll need to be sure he's OK 
 with the changes in advance of any binding committment with Central Maine. 
 This is definitely a deal we want to do and given the anticipated 
 acceleration in the negotiations and possible execution, we need to be sure 
 that we're able to react and transact quickly. Dana Davis is obviously on 
 point for all pricing. For all others who have involvement here - please 
 ensure that you're on board with your piece of the deal as is, and available 
 to focus on any negotiated changes that may come up over the next couple of 
 days. Berney Aucoin will be on point for coordinating and managing all 
 internal pricing, approvals, etc., so be sure that Bernie can get ahold of 
 you if he needs to.  
 
 Also, for the DASH signatures, why don't you move both Kevin and I to 
 "Regional Management" and let Ader and Davis sign for Origination and 
 Trading. 
 
 Thanks and good luck! 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Janet R Dietrich/HOU/ECT on 01/31/2001 
 03:51 PM ---------------------------
 
 

 01/31/2001 11:50 AM









   
 All:
 
 As some of you may be aware, we are in the process of negotiating with 
 Central Maine Power Company regarding the assumption of a portion of their 
 wholesale obligations associated with their Standard Offer Service load in 
 the State of Maine, covering at least March 1, 2001 - Feb 28, 2002.   We are 
 currently in the process of negotiating a contract and transaction terms.  
 They are simultaneously discussing same with other suppliers.  At this point, 
 there are a number of outstanding items (including numerous contract items 
 and credit arrangements).  However, we expect that the pace of the 
 negotiation process will be very quick over the next 1-3 days.   As an 
 example of how quickly things might move, CMP has indicated that the Maine 
 PUC is poised to hold deliberations and approve CMP's signing of a contract 
 within 24 hours of CMP/Enron agreement on contract terms (with updated firm 
 pricing to be supplied just prior to PUC deliberations and held open for 
 about 2-3 hours).
 
 Key members of our negotiating team on this deal are as follows:
 
 Origination/Marketing:  John Llodra, George Wood
 Legal:  Janice Moore
 Regulatory/Governmental:  Daniel Allegretti
 Commodity Structuring:  Jim Meyn, Zach Sampson
 Credit:  Edward Sacks, Tracy Ngo
 
 Attached below is a draft of the DASH for this prospective deal.  Items 
 subject to change or still under negotiation are noted.   While this DASH is 
 prepared assuming we obtain a multi-year extension swaption, there is a 
 chance it may end up being a single year deal for the period Mar 1, 01- Feb 
 28, 02.   My intent in sending the DASH at this time is to familiarize you 
 all with the aspects of the deal at this point in time, to enable us to move 
 quickly to get internal approvals in the event we reach final agreement with 
 CMP over the next couple of days.  Once agreement is reached with CMP on 
 outstanding items, a revised DASH will be circulated.  Please feel free to 
 call me at 978-449-9936, or Jim Meyn/Berney Aucoin in structuring (5-3223, 
 3-4784) if you have any questions on the commercial structure or valuation to 
 date.  Thanks.
 
 Regards
 John
 
 
 
