
 
 Entelligence is being used in Houston, so they must have done training here.  
 
 Patti is setting up my meeting with James for Friday.  I just left her a 
 message and asked her to let you know the time that is scheduled for - plus I 
 will leave you a message after I have talked with him.  I hope to have that 
 meeting with James at 10:30.  
 
 Interruptions have been rampant - and I am still not finished with reviews.  
 Shona will actually be in Calgary at the same time that I will be, so we will 
 do her review on the plane, in the airport or at the hotel - and I will tell 
 her about the reorg.  Again, I will leave you a message to let you know that 
 we have had that conversation.  
 
 That's great to have dinner with Lou.  I think that it would be good to find 
 out from him what sort of interaction he has with the London office, what's 
 working, what's not working - in an informal way.  Are they on an Enron 
 network?  Do they get Enron e:mails?  How often does Lou go to London or 
 someone from London mid office come to New York?  I still suspect that New 
 York is somewhat neglected just because of the distance between London and 
 New York and the fact that there seems to be plenty for Mike and his team to 
 chew on in London.  Particularly now with a renewed focus on the scrap metal 
 business.  
 
 Enrjoy the OpRisk Conference.  They tend to be heavily attended by bankers 
 and there focus is that direction as well, but there is a lot that we can 
 glean from what they are doing.  It snowed there a lot yesterday.  Of course, 
 according to Peggy Hedstrom, it is 0 degrees (daytime temp reading) and snowy 
 in Calgary.  
 
 I look forward to seeing you in Dallas.  --Sally 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Beth Apollo
 02/06/2001 04:28 PM
    
 Will start to check into this.  I would like to see the training, so I can 
 get familiar with the product.  Have they delivered it in Houston at all?
 
 Thanks for the Heads up on James for Friday.  I will be in NY at the 
 conference, but at least that clears the way for me to start getting busy 
 when we get back from the ASE on Wed.
 
 I am having dinner with Lou Colorusso, one of the Metals guys in NY on 
 Thursday night.   Marcello declined.  Any issues you think I should discuss 
 with him?   I know there is a doorstep outstanding for the NY office.  I will 
 get the scoop from Shona on those results before I go.
 
 How did Shona take the news yesterday.  I will wait for your go ahead to make 
 contact with her on the re-organization.
 
 Enjoy the trip to Calgary.  I will see you in Dallas on Monday morning.
 
 Beth
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 FYI - I will meet with James on Friday when he is back from London to go over 
 the change in reporting for him.  I gave his review the end of last week, but 
 didn't get to review the reporting change.  I will ask Patti to let you know 
 when I am meeting with James on Friday.  Wanted you to be in the loop on this 
 - particularly when we are getting in front of commercial guys, I want this 
 to be well done.  The training may be great - I just wanted to make sure that 
 James knew about Avril's trip and that he was aware of the content and 
 delivery on the training.  Looks like he still has some homework to do.  
 --Sally 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Sally Beck/HOU/ECT on 02/06/2001 10:24 AM 
 ---------------------------
 
 

 02/06/2001 03:21 AM
    
 Not yet.  I will follow up with Avril.
 
 
    
 	
 	
 	 	
 
   
  
 Have you seen the training tools that Avril uses for such things?  --Sally 
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Sally Beck/HOU/ECT on 02/05/2001 03:07 PM 
 ---------------------------
 
 
 	Peggy Hedstrom
 	02/05/2001 12:01 PM
 	















   
 Please mark your calendars for EnTelligence Training on February 22nd.  
 EnTelligence is a system developed by Enron that provides a prospecting and 
 management reporting website combining information from internal and external 
 systems.  New enhancements to the system now provide Activity Detail reports 
 by counterparty.  It also contains Family Tree information for companies 
 (i.e. subsidiaries, division of... etc.).  Avril Forster from the Houston 
 office will be providing the training.
 
 We will divide the training into three sessions on February 22nd  as follows:
 
 10:00 - 12:00 Origination team training
 1:30 - 2:30 Energy Operations team training 
 3:00 - 5:00 Trading team training 
 
 All training will be in the Video #2 boardroom (next to Liz Prior).  Please 
 make every effort to attend this training.  Hopefully, you will find the 
 EnTelligence system a useful tool for each of you.  If you have any questions 
 or concerns, please let me know.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
