
 
 Howard-- I strongly disagree with your conclusions about the retention of the 
 Greenberg firm on the commandeering litigation. When we originally hired 
 Greenberg, we heard from their litigation and bankruptcy counsel for 30 
 minutes--5 minutes on their inverse condemnation experience.. Some in the 
 group thought that they were the right choice over, for example, Andrews & 
 Kurth, because the issues in the the Px bankruptcy would be more focused at 
 the courthouse than at FERC. I clearly think we made the right call in this 
 regard. However at the time we made the choice, I made the comment, which I 
 am sure all of you remember, that if we were going to choose litigation 
 counsel we should go out and hire the absolute best counsel for the job. If 
 that happened to be Greenberg firm---great---but they would have to interview 
 like the rest. The fact that they have done research doesn't mean they get 
 the job. That research is transferable.This is a billion dollar issue for the 
 group. Enron does not hire attys for cases of that magnitude unless we are 
 absolutely sure they are the best there is. I have talked to the attys for 
 both Mirant and Reliant and they agree with my position. I think we need to 
 talk about this at length. 
 
 
 

 	04/26/2001 09:47 PM
 		 









 		  		  
 
 Brian:
 
 With respect to your first point, I will instruct Greenberg Glusker to
 modify the footnote regarding McCutcheon Doyle to indicate that the
 Committee "will consider supporting" an application under section 503(b).
 While the Committee has not yet considered the question, as you point out,
 nevertheless we anticipate that McCutcheon Doyle's assistance will be very
 helpful in the prosecution of the commandeering litigation.  If that proves
 to be true, as I suspect it will, the Committee should not hesitate to
 support a section 503(b) application on McCutheon Doyle's behalf at the
 appropriate time.
 
 With respect to your second point, one of the primary reasons discussed for
 the Committee's decision to hire the Greenberg Glusker firm was the strength
 of its litigation group, its experience with "inverse condemnation cases"
 and the need to move quickly to control the commandeering litigation.  The
 Committee did discuss its concerns regarding the attorneys retained by the
 Debtor to handle the commandeering litigation but I do not recall any
 reservations or qualifications concerning Greenberg Glusker's prosecution of
 the commandeering matter.  During our Committee meetings, Greenberg Glusker
 has already reported to the Committee the substantial time and effort it is
 devoting to the commandeering matter, along with the McCutcheon firm.  Of
 course, it goes without saying in any employment application that the
 Committee always reserves its right to change counsel or hire special
 counsel when appropriate.  Accordingly, I see no reason to make any changes
 to the Greenberg Glusker employment application to address this point.
 
 Please let me know right away if you disagree.  By copy of this email to the
 other Committee members, I ask that they also let me know right away if they
 disagree.
 
 Thanks for responding quickly.
 
 
 
 










  
 
 Howard:
 
 I don't believe the Committee has agreed to recommend that McCutcheon Doyle
 be compensated for its "commandeering" litigation support.  I'm not saying
 the Committee wouldn't, but we have not taken formal action.
 
 Moreover, the Committee has yet to determine who should prosecute the
 "commandeering" claims once the Committee acquires control over them.  Prior
 to Greenberg, Glusker's engagement, the Committee determined to reserve for
 a later date whether special counsel should be retained.  I believe the
 Committee would like to hear from Greenberg, Glusker again a description of
 the firm's qualifications in this regard as well as interview other firms
 which may be qualified to take on the task.
 
 Brian Holman
 
 Brian L. Holman
 White & Case LLP
 633 West Fifth Street, Suite 1900
 Los Angeles, California 90071-2007
 Tel.  213.620.7781
 Fax.  213.687.0758

 

 Attached is a draft of the Committee's Application to employ Greenberg,
 Glusker et al.  Please call in or email any comments to me by Friday, April
 27, 2001 at noon Pacific time.  If I do not receive any comments, I plan on
 signing the Application on behalf of the Committee at that time.  Thanks for
 your assistance.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This communication may be privileged and confidential and is intended only
 for the individual or entity named above and others who have been
 specifically authorized to receive it.  If you are not the intended
 recipient, please do not read, copy, use or disclose this communication to
 others; also, please notify the sender by replying to this e-mail or by
 telephone at (213) 620-7700, and then delete the e-mail and any copies of
 it.
 
 
 
