
 
 As you will note from the attached e-mails there is some confusion regarding 
 this bankrupcy. I have asked Linda Guinn to coordinate with you to make sure 
 Enron is doing everything we need to do.
 ----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 07/23/2000 08:34 AM -----
 
 	Linda R Guinn
 	07/17/2000 08:33 AM
 		
 		  		  		  
 Brenda:
 
 I just got back from vacation and  read your e-mail regarding this 
 bankruptcy.  Keeping that in mind, no bells are ringing about this 
 bankruptcy.  If a POC was filed, it was done by Bonnie.  She handles most 
 everything (inhouse) for us.  Please check her files.  I assume that Britt is 
 stepping in for her while she's on vacation????  Let me know if you find a 
 POC (if none was filed, then the ballot issue appears to be moot).
 
 Thanks,
 Linda
 
 
 
 
 

 	07/13/2000 02:22 PM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 Linda,
  Bonnie White asked me to work with you on gathering information about this 
 bankruptcy.  The following sets forth the deadline schedule that I obtained 
 from Pacer regarding this matter:
 
  1)  6/12/00   - Voting Record Date to determine which creditors or entitled 
 to vote to 
        accept or reject the Plan


 



 
 
 I obtained from PACER a copy of the Claims Register Report and it lists ECT 
 as having filed a claim on 3/23/00--but it does not reflect how much is the 
 total claim.  Also, included in Debtor's 2d Amended Jt Disclosure Statement, 
 it reflects that  Class 4 Creditors consists of all Allowed Unsecured Claims 
 including ECT's claim arising from the termination of an Option (Corridor) 
 dated 5/28/99 between MPC and Enron and the Confirmation of an Option 
 (Collar) dated 11/6/98 between MPC and Enron (the "Enron Swaps").
 
 I would appreciate your help with answering the following questions:
 
 1)  Was a Proof of Claim filed on behalf of ECT and for how much?
 2)  Who is the person who will handle filing out and signing the Ballot on 
 behalf of ECT either rejecting or accepting the Plan
  [which is due to be filed on or before 7/21/00].
 3)  If we are not owed any monies by Michael Petroleum, or have not asserted 
 a claim against Michael Petroleum, then we
  can disregard sending in the ballot on behalf of ECT.     
 
 I have copies of all these documents, so if you need me to send you anything, 
 please let me know.  I appreciate your help with this and please call me if 
 any of this information is confusing.  Brenda x3-6536
 
 
