
 
 You should go.
 ----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 02/07/2001 12:58 PM -----
 

 	02/05/2001 05:26 PM
 		 



 		  		  
 
 
 
 








 Cc: Dawne Davis; Don Schultz; Linda Greer; Linda Obrecht; Melissa
 Defratis; Richard Schneebeck; Tim Rastello; Valerie Arias
  
 
 Privileged and Confidential Joint Defense Communication
 
        Quinque Coordinating Counsel Committee
        Tom Nicholas and Steve Williams for Wright Case
        (others who received earlier message)
  Re: Joint Defense Meeting - progress notes.
 
 We received several votes in favor of Charles Tetrault's suggestion to
 meet the week after the Feb. 22 hearing, rather than on Feb. 23-24, and
 that makes sense to us as well.  Tom Nicholas advises that the Wright
 group would like the meeting to be held February 27-28 in Houston,
 rather than Denver.   Jay Barrymore would prefer the meeting be held
 March 5-6 in Denver.  Clay Latimer is available February 27-28 and would
 prefer the meeting be held in Denver.  I was unable to reach Clay this
 afternoon to determine if March 5-6 would work for him.  We have
 confirmed availability among hotels in downtown Denver to host for
 either date window.  Some of the Wright folks are reportedly checking on
 availability of Houston hotels for February 27-28.  The Kansas Steering
 Committee is meeting by phone tomorrow morning, and we will need to come
 to a final decision in the next day or two on which to base meeting
 plans.  Wright lead defense counsel are concentrated in Houston, and so
 it might make sense for the Wright group to meet independently and in a
 different location; however, there are a number of counsel who will need
 to attend both meetings, so the meetings probably should not be at the
 same time in different cities.  Thus far, we have not announced plans to
 any of the JDT groups at large.
 
 Dawne M. Davis, CLA
 Legal Assistant
 Holland & Hart
 P.O. Box 1347
 Cheyenne, WY 82003
 307-778-4240
 307-778-8175 - fax

 
 NOTICE: This message is PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL. It is sent under
 the terms and conditions of a Joint Defense Agreement (JDA) and is
 directed only to recipients who the sender believes have agreed to be
 bound by the JDA. If you do not agree to be bound by the JDA, or if you
 believe that this e-mail has been sent to you in error, please reply to
 notify the sender that you received the message in error, and please
 delete and disregard this e-mail. Thank you.
           ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
 The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.  This
 email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
 named above.  If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
 representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
 review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
 or the information contained herein is prohibited.  If you have received
 this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email
 and delete this email from your system.  Thank You