
 
 Thanks for the update. Andy will be handling this one.
 
 
 

 	03/19/2001 10:40 AM
 		 
 		  		  		  
 
 
  
    Cc: Robichaux, Lisa; Cheek, Charles; Vote, Robert
  
 Rob, Actually I sent out a demand letter, modelled on the demand letter you 
 sent in the Glen Rice case, last Wednesday.   I thought that a copy had been 
 sent to you, and I apologize if it has not.  (Lisa will be getting a copy to 
 you this morning.)  I understood that you were on vacation and that Bob was 
 going to be out on vacation on Thursday and Friday.  Because of the problem 
 with CT and the possibility that our answer date would be as soon as this 
 Thursday, 3/22, I didn't think it should wait until today.  When the service 
 of process came in, I spoke with Andy Edison about it, he advised me of the 
 Glen Rice matter, I pulled the file which included a copies of the contract, 
 the certificate of insurance for Feb 2000-Feb 2001, and your demand letter.  
 I asked Lisa to get the 1999-2000 certificate of insurance, which we received 
 on Wednesday. We then sent out the demand.  On Friday, I spoke with Chuck, 
 who had spoken with Jim Studdert, and I suggested that, with Jim's and your 
 concurrence, Bob handle the matter along with the Glen Rice matter, since I 
 fully expect that the defense/indemnity demand will be accepted and I suspect 
 the same outside counsel will be appointed.  In the meantime, I called and 
 spoke with the plaintiff's counsel re the service problem with CT and that we 
 had only recently received notice of the suit.  He agreed on an answer date 
 of May 1st, which I am hopeful will give enough time for the 
 defense/indemnity situation to be resolved.  I have asked Lisa to draft a 
 Rule 11 agreement re the extended answer date which will be sent out today, 
 and I anticipate that you, Lisa, and Bob will handle the matter from here.
 
 Please let me know if you have any questions re any of the above.  Thanks. 
 
  
 
  
    Cc: Cooper, Monique; Bolar-Softich, Anthony; White, Bonnie; Vote, Robert; 
 Studdert, James; Cole, Rob
  
 Will this matter be going to Bob, as suggested?  Please advise.  Thanks,
 
 Rob
 
 
 
 

  
 Rob, in your absence, Bonnie White made demand on Morrison on Friday.  A copy 
 will be forthcoming to you.  Monique provided a copy of the applicable COI.  
 Sorry you were not kept in the loop.  Lisa
 
  
    Cc: Bolar-Softich, Anthony; White, Bonnie; Vote, Robert; Cole, Rob; Studdert, 
 James; Robichaux, Lisa
  Importance: High
 
 Monique, please recall you previously provided me with a copy of the Nepco 
 contract with Morrison Construction for the Lincoln Center Peaker Power Plant 
 in Manhattan, Illinois relative to the Gene Rice litigation.  It covered the 
 time period of 2/1/00 - 2/1/01.  We know have a new lawsuit with a date of 
 loss of 12/21/99.  Can you fax me ASAP a certificate of insurance covering 
 that loss date, presumably 2/1/99-2/1/00, assuming Zurich was Morrison's 
 carrier for the preceding time period as well.  We would like to sent out the 
 attached demand letter ASAP, like we did in the Rice matter, so that 
 hopefully Morrison picks up our defense.  Also, does anyone from Nepco have 
 any details concerning this incident?  The Plaintiff claims to have slipped 
 on muddy trailer steps while exiting one of the job trailers.
 
 Thanks,
 
 Rob Cole, Manager-Claims
 ENA - Global Risk Markets
 1400 Smith Street, EB 2136F
 Houston, Texas  77002
 713-853-7739 (telephone)
 713-646-2341 (facsimile)
  << File: Morrison.doc >> 
 
  
 ---------------------- Forwarded by Rob Cole/HOU/ECT on 03/17/2001 12:26 PM 
 ---------------------------
    
  << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 	Enron North America 
 Corp.   	
 
 
 


  
 It is suggested that the above lawsuit be assigned to Bob Vote as its 
 practically identical to the Gene Rice matter that we are currently handling 
 together.  Like we did in that case, this matter should be tendered 
 immediately to the plaintiff's employer, Morrison Construction, whose 
 carrier, Zurich, assumed our defense and acknowledged us an additional 
 insured.
 
 It appears service occurred on 2/20/01, and that an Answer is due within 30 
 days or by 3/22/01.  Please advise - thanks-
 
 Rob
 
 
 
 
 
