
 
 If you want to be on the plaintiffs
 
 
 

 	03/20/2001 01:06 PM
 		 


 		  		  
 
 As you can see from the attached this may not be the best week in San Diego 
 for arguing the Stay motion. There were rolling blackouts in San Diego 
 yesterday and the situation dominated the news. Because of unseasonably warm 
 weather they may persist throughout the week. I've just been advised that our 
 power will be going out shortly for at least an hour.
 
 Dave
 
 David J. Noonan
 Post Kirby Noonan & Sweat L.L.P.
 600 West Broadway, Suite 1100
 San Diego, CA  92101
 Phone:  619/231-8666
 Facsimile:  619/231-9593

 
 The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying 
 documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney 
 work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for 
 the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this 
 message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you 
 are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly 
 prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify 

 message from your system.
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
 
















  Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Disposition: inline
 
 We have been informed by the building management that our building is on the 
 list for power shutdown today.  We are No. 13 and they currently are on No. 
 9.  We don't know exactly when this will happen and we probably will not get 
 further warning.  Most likely it will last about an hour.  Be sure to save 
 computer work product frequently.  Shut your computer off if you are not 
 going to use it  and try to close out of programs when not in use.
 
 We should have continuation of phone service as there is  a backup battery.  
 You should stay and work if you can, however, we will not have HVAC so if the 
 air gets too bad you are free to leave via the stairwells.  Please check back 
 after an hour with building security to see if the power has been restored.
 
