
 
 I gave you what I thought were 4 copies of this pleading yesterday and sent 
 what I thought was 1 copy to Bob Vote. As it turns out, there may have been 
 separate garnishments against several Enron entities. Please get Bob to track 
 this down.
 ----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 04/11/2001 07:10 AM -----
 
 	Richard B Sanders
 	04/11/2001 07:10 AM
 		
 		  		  		  served on EECC on April 10
 
 I gave this to Gail to handle. She in turn is getting Bob Vote to handle. In 
 the documents I received yesterday, I only saw an application for writ of 
 garnishment, not a signed order--do you have one?
 
 
 

 	04/10/2001 01:53 PM
 		 




























 		  on EECC on April 10
 
 EECC has just been served with a writ of garnishment from the 333rd Judicial 
 District Court of Harris County  in connection with a judgment against 
 certain CIGSA entities. In the writ, the court very unambiguously and very 
 plainly commands that EECC is not to pay any debt or deliver any property to 
 CIGSA pending further orders from  the court. The writ was issued to enforce 
 an judgment  for $1.3 million awarded by the court against CIGSA in favor of 
 Richard P Estrada. EECC is also commanded to appear before the court and list 
 all funds/assets in our possession that might belong to CIGSA,  and to 
 disclose what other persons we know ofif any, that might have such funds or 
 assets.  The lawyer for Mr. Estrada is the same lawyer who successfully 
 garnished EECC in the past to collect sums owed other CIGSA judgment 
 creditors. 
 
 Please take this prohibition as applying even to cases where CIGSA might be 
 entitled to the money or the property under our contracts with them, or where 
 the funds or property are in joint venture acounts or custody in the US or 
 Mexico until we have had a chance to review matters in detail and make a more 
 accurate assessment. In the meantime, effective immediately, do not make ANY 
 payments to or on behalf of, or release ANY property to or on behalf of, any 
 CIGSA entity without first obtaining legal department approval. The court may 
 impose penalties for violations  of its garnishment order.
 
 We will assemble an appropriate litigation team to work onthis matter. Randy 
 Pais will be handling this for EEOS legal. I suggest that Mike Pearson and 
 Mark Brand get the word out to the Project Management and Project Control 
 teams on  this matter ASAP.
 
  
 
 JWVS
 
