
 
 I don't shop at Tom James. Please take me off ypur e-mail list.
 
  
     
 CEO | Super 180's
 Made in Huddersfield England
 
 With demand so high, and supply increasingly limited, it's a privilege to be
 able to offer CEO Super 180's to our clients.  But, what exactly does make
 these fabrics the finest Super 180's in the world?
 
 New South Whales, Australia.  There, on a ranch deep in the outback, 114,000
 specially bred Merino sheep are raised under strictly controlled conditions.
 All are individually numbered, fed a special diet and even protected from
 the elements by jackets.  Each year, a new generation of prized rams and
 ewes surpasses the previous one in the quality of their wool.  Yet, at a
 demanding 14.5-14.9 microns, less than 1% of total production will be judged
 worthy of CEO Super 180's.
 
 Huddersfield, England.  At Taylor & Stewart, a famed mill known for its
 expertise, the longest and strongest and most supple of these wool staple
 yarns are spun, woven and finished according to 400 year old tradition.
 Fabrics are scoured with rainwater which travels from 60 miles away through
 ancient rock to reach the mill's own 1500 foot deep well.  Unique finishing
 processes truly set these fabrics apart, and are accomplished via treasured,
 time-tested machinery and state of the art computerized equipment.
 
 The result is a magnificent, superbly tailorable cloth that's actually finer
 than cashmere.  Its soft, buttery hand, durability and resilience are
 unparalleled in the luxury market.  Of raw materials as scarce and
 painstakingly acquired as earth's rarest gems, the cost of such wools has
 risen significantly.  Yet, a close partnership between Tom James and the
 renowned mills of Huddersfield permits us to control costs and make CEO
 Super 180's readily available to you.
 
 Surely, a privilege you will enjoy for seasons to come.
 
 
 Carol L. Measom
 Professional Clothier
 Tom James Clothing Company
 4605 Post Oak Place Drive, #200
 Houston, TX  77027
 713.622.5678, ext 124
 www.tomjamesco.com
 Learn more about me at:
 http://www.tomjamesco.com/asp/biopage.asp?empidn=05568