
 
 I have lost track of this. Is there an actual matter? Who is handling?
 
  
    Cc:	Becky Stephens; Mark E Haedicke; Peter del Vecchio; Peggy Miller; Mark E Haedicke; Richard B Sanders; Linda R Guinn; Bonnie White; Britt Davis
  
 Works for me.
 
 Deb -- Unless you or Mark Haedicke advise otherwise, Becky Stephens will process SOP for Ste. Aurelie Timberlands as she does for other companies in the Enron Wholesale Group, i.e. Service Recipient -- Richard Sanders; Copy Recipient -- Linda Guinn; ELU Contact -- Bonnie White.
 
 Kate -- Please confirm with Becky when the change of agent has been effected.
 
 Deb and Kate -- During the interim, I understand that service will be handled by the current agent and notice of service will be issued by that agent to whomever Deb has designated. If that is to be Becky during this transition, Deb will need to so instruct the current agent with a copy of the instructions to Becky.
 
 Thanks.
 
  
    Cc:	Stephens, Becky; Haedicke, Mark; del Vecchio, Peter; Miller, Peggy
  
 
 Thanks Deb.  We'll proceed to prepare change of agent forms.  Will you also be able to provide information on officer or director slates?  At present we have no info. at all so we will not be able to get a signature(s) on the forms.
 
 Please advise whether minute books, seals, stock certs., etc. will continue to be maintained by Canadian counsel in Quebec.
 
 Which are the "documents" referred to in your message below?
 
 Thanks for your help.  It's much appreciated.
 
 Best regards
 Kate
 
 
 Kate B. Cole
 Director, Corporate Services
 Enron Corp.
 Tel: (713) 853-1624
 Fax: (713) 646-8007

 
  
    Cc:	Stephens, Becky; Cole, Kate; Haedicke, Mark; del Vecchio, Peter
  
 Kate, I think it will be ok to change the registered agent on Ste. Aurelie Timberlands and as soon as I receive documents I will forward to you.  I left another voice mail yesterday for the asst. secty, Pat Riggy.  I will also call again tomorrow.  Thanks, Deb
 
 
 Deb Korkmas
 EWS Legal Dept.
 1400 Smith Street, Room 3834A
 Houston, TX  77002
 Phone:  713-853-5448
 Fax:  713-646-3393
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 Good news. 
 
  
    Cc:	del Vecchio, Peter; Haedicke, Mark; Stephens, Becky
  
 A slight clarification: SOP is currently made on an individual: John J. Flaherty, 443 Congress St., P.O.Box 11410, Portland, ME 04104-7410.  Mr. J.M.Gagne' of Fasken Martineau Dumoulin, a law firm in Quebec, handles the corporate records but not SOP.  KC
 
 
 
 
 
 Kate B. Cole
 Director, Corporate Services
 Enron Corp.
 Tel: (713) 853-1624
 Fax: (713) 646-8007

 
  
    Cc:	del Vecchio, Peter; Haedicke, Mark; Cole, Kate; Stephens, Becky
  
 I understand that you have expressed a preference that service of process upon this recently acquired domestic company be received by Canadian counsel. This is contrary to the procedure that we implemented a couple of years ago, whereby a corporate agent has been assigned as agent for service of process relative to all domestic entities affiliated with Enron Corp. in all states. Currently, that agent is NRAI. 
 
 There are two exceptions -- PGE and Limbach. Both of these companies requested and were granted exceptions to the SOP procedure for specific business needs. 
 
 Please provide me the basis for the requested exception as to the captioned company. Of course, we will make every effort to accommodate the specific business needs of this company. Also, please advise whether you or someone on your behalf has determined that the laws in each state in which the company is incorporated and does business permits SOP on a foreign individual.
 
 Thanks.   
 
    
