
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Platter, Phillip\Sent Items
X-Origin: PLATTER-P
X-FileName: phillip platter 6-26-02.PST

If you can do all that , you can beat KSU.  I think NU can beat everyone but OU.  CU will be tough at Boulder no matter what.  Its like UT playing the aggies.  They get up for it.  Also ISU will give us a game.  If our D is attacking and we have a pass rush.  We could be in the Title Game to play OU again.

 

Good to hear from you, Plat-oid.

Yes, TCU was better than expected. But Huskers were below-par from what everyone has come to expect. They'll get better & I do NOT believe ND can win at Lincoln.  We'll be better than all the prognosticators think.  They all think Simms is the next coming of his dad but it is all based around hype and, unfortunately, his performance in the 3rd quarter against our secondary last year (which started a weary-ankled RS freshman CB, an All-Conference CB who could barely walk let alone cover Roy Williams, and our Safety went out in the 2nd quarter & was replaced by a transfer QB).  

RC has, over the past 3 years, stockpiled significant quality and quantity in the secondary because he saw the new trend of offense he'd need to defend. I expect our secondary to be among the best in the country this year.

I expect 8-3 at worst.  It was 8-3 until I saw CU stink it up the other night.  I figure we'll take it on the chin from KSU, OU.

McNeese W
Wyoming W
Okl ST W
ND W (we'll take out the Irish at Kyle)
Baylor W
CU W (see Saturday night--and we have the added factor of revenge from the debacle last yr at home)
KSU L 
Iowa St. W
TTech W (this is the swing game--usually some weird voodoo in the air when we go to Lubbock so who knows? Brett & I are going to this game)
OU L
t.u. W (we'll hang an L on these guys at Kyle but it will be tough)


 

yeah,  the Offense was very unhuskerlike, except for Crouch, He had 150 yards passing which was fairly good.  The line was not ready for such an aggressive D this early.  I do think TCU has a great Defense as evidenced by their #1 Defense ranking last year. Evidently they had some depth as well becasue they lost half of their starters to Graduation/NFL.  The bright spot was the Defense giving up only 165 yards of TOTal yards.  their only score came on a broken play that went for 67yards.  We were also lucky that Casey Printers pulled a muscle on that play.  We played 2 true freshman alot on the D and they were very good.  The D should be faster and more aggressive than last year.  The Domers think they have a chance now that we only scored 21 on TCU.  I say TCU is better than people think, but I'm glad we didn't open with NotreDame.  I got your pictures.  Your daughter is really cute.
How will the aggies be?

 

What's up with the huskers?

didn't look very husker-like on Saturday.