

Mark, note the feedback from the AA's, it is imperative that we get a handle 
on this!  Let me know when I can spring our plan on Jeff.

Regards
Delainey
---------------------- Forwarded by David W Delainey/HOU/ECT on 07/26/2000 
03:37 PM ---------------------------


Jere C Overdyke
07/26/2000 03:26 PM

Attached is a memo regarding a meeting I had with our associates on July 17, 
2000.  Additionally, I met with Celeste Roberts on July 21 and held another 
meeting with the Associates on same date.

The planned dinners with the associates as well as the proactive approach ENA 
is taking with them is the correct course of action.  

Jere
---------------------- Forwarded by Jere C Overdyke/HOU/ECT on 07/26/2000 
03:06 PM ---------------------------


Jere C Overdyke
07/17/2000 02:53 PM

I met with 7 associates and 1 analyst  over lunch to discuss the Analyst and 
Associate Program.  The major concern expressed by everyone in the meeting 
was that the program has become a bureaucracy vs a meritocracy.  According to 
the Associates, the program has become inflexible on any issue and the only 
feedback they receive is "go talk to Skilling if you don't like the 
answers".  Another major concern was compensation.  After listening to the 
comments, my conclusion is that there are some problems that need to be 
addressed.  Specific recommendations by this small group include (1) reduce 
amount of time in program before promotion to manager from 18 months to 12 
months, (2) increase Associates involvement in rotation decisions, (3) 
explanations of why the program is structured in a certain way without 
defensive comments of "go talk to Skilling", (4) generally, more of an open 
market approach so that we are using a "carrot vs stick" method to motivate 
behavior.

Let me know about the next meeting to discuss.

Jere
---------------------- Forwarded by Jere C Overdyke/HOU/ECT on 07/17/2000 
02:23 PM ---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		

Sent by: Kay Chapman




























As you know the ENA OTC is actively working with the Analyst and Associate 
Program to develop greater talent flow into ENA.  We are presently working on 
a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly 
improve communication flow and responsiveness. However in this regard we also 
need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ENA  
regarding A&A resource levels, performance, rotations and retention efforts.

In this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead  for your 
groups needs and ensure that any requests, questions or concerns about A&A's 
in your area are passed through you to either Ted Bland (ENA Recuitment Team 
Lead - x35275) or Jana Giovannani (ENA liaison from the AA Program - x39233) 
or myself. It is important that we are discerning about what we do with our 
A&A resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs, in this 
regard we need for you personally (or a senior member of your team who you 
may optionally delegate this task to) will take the time to review any A&A 
resource requests from your team before passing them onto us.

In addition, given the importance of these resources, we will be inviting you 
to a regular bi-monthly meeting to discuss ENA A&A matters. We will confirm 
the first date in due course. In the meantime if you would like to volunteer 
another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply 
their name as soon as possible. 

Please call with any questions.










