

It's ok with me.  Mark




	02/19/2001 01:35 PM
		 
		 		 		 
Mark:  As noted in the few attached e-mails, we have been asked to give some 
general advice on municipalization to the City of Bakersfield, CA.  I assume 
that this is not an issue from a conflcit perspective, but because it 
"touches" CA I had raised it with Vicki just in case there was something that 
i was not aware of .  Could I bother you to Reply to this and just let me 
know if you see any possible problem with us doing this work?  Thanks.

It was good to catch up with you briefly on Friday.  It sure seems like 
everything is going very well for you.  With everything you have going on, 
both domestically and internationally, I appreciate your taking the time to 
get together.  I'm sure we will be speaking in the not too distant future as 
the CA developments continue to unfold over the next few weeks.

Thanks.

John

"This e-mail, including attachments, contains information that is 
confidential and it may be protected by the attorney/client or other 
privileges.  This e-mail, including attachments, constitutes non-public 
information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s).  If 
you are not an intended recipient, please delete this e-mail, including 
attachments and notify me by return mail, e-mail or by phone at 212 424-8125. 
 The unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution or reproduction of the 
e-mail, including attachments, is prohibited and may be unlawful.

John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125




I am ok with this.  Since this a muni, do you think you should check with
Mark as well?






cc:


Vicki:  I assume this is not a problem from a conflict, but just wanted to
double check since it "touches" CA.  As you may know from the trade press,
a number of cities, etc. have been looking into the possibility of forming
their own muncipallly owned utilities in light of all the CA problems.
This will undoubtedly be a long and arduous process by any city that
pursues it and probably will not go anywhere, at least not in the short
term.  Nonetheless, I just wanted to check.  I assume we are still on for
this afternoon at 2:00 p.m.  Thanks.  John

"This e-mail, including attachments, contains information that is
confidential and it may be protected by the attorney/client or other
privileges.  This e-mail, including attachments, constitutes non-public
information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s).
If you are not an intended recipient, please delete this e-mail, including
attachments and notify me by return mail, e-mail or by phone at 212
424-8125.  The unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution or
reproduction of the e-mail, including attachments, is prohibited and may be
unlawful.

John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125

Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
Content-Disposition: inline

John,

 As mentioned in my E-mail, I have been contacted by the City Attorney of
Bakersfield, Cal., a city of about 150,000 concerning our ability to advice
the City concerning it operating its own electric utility.  I told him that
because of our work for Enron that I would need to check whether we would
be in a position to be of assistance.

I would appreciate your thoughts.  Bakersfield is in  P G & E's service
area.

Dean








