

You're a better man than I am, Gunga Din.

Kay

PS.  Please tell me you shared this info with Rob W.







04/10/2001 02:07 PM

served on EECC on April 10  

I thought you two would get a kick out of this.

You know, I tried to put spot lights and alarm sirens in the e-mail this 
time, but this should do it.  God save the fool that sends CIGSA money after 
this little note, but of course I am fighting the last war now, aren't I? (we 
won, but it killed us. we had to destroy the company to save it)

I did copy Sanders along with the rest of the population or EECC, EWS, Europe 
and Asia.

Thrilled to be here.

JWVS




	04/10/2001 02:03 PM
		
		 		 		 served on EECC on April 10

Of course, this doesn't apply to any funds held in a jointly owned  bank or 
trust account, right?  And when you say "do not", what do you mean?  Does 
that mean do or does it mean not?  You are confusing me. What does "is" mean, 
after all?

As I'm sure you recall, Bob Vote handled the last one.  Richard Sanders is 
the EWS litagation manager, so Mark would probably like for him to know about 
it.  Richard seems decent.

Kay




04/10/2001 01:53 PM




























on EECC on April 10

EECC has just been served with a writ of garnishment from the 333rd Judicial 
District Court of Harris County  in connection with a judgment against 
certain CIGSA entities. In the writ, the court very unambiguously and very 
plainly commands that EECC is not to pay any debt or deliver any property to 
CIGSA pending further orders from  the court. The writ was issued to enforce 
an judgment  for $1.3 million awarded by the court against CIGSA in favor of 
Richard P Estrada. EECC is also commanded to appear before the court and list 
all funds/assets in our possession that might belong to CIGSA,  and to 
disclose what other persons we know ofif any, that might have such funds or 
assets.  The lawyer for Mr. Estrada is the same lawyer who successfully 
garnished EECC in the past to collect sums owed other CIGSA judgment 
creditors. 

Please take this prohibition as applying even to cases where CIGSA might be 
entitled to the money or the property under our contracts with them, or where 
the funds or property are in joint venture acounts or custody in the US or 
Mexico until we have had a chance to review matters in detail and make a more 
accurate assessment. In the meantime, effective immediately, do not make ANY 
payments to or on behalf of, or release ANY property to or on behalf of, any 
CIGSA entity without first obtaining legal department approval. The court may 
impose penalties for violations  of its garnishment order.

We will assemble an appropriate litigation team to work onthis matter. Randy 
Pais will be handling this for EEOS legal. I suggest that Mike Pearson and 
Mark Brand get the word out to the Project Management and Project Control 
teams on  this matter ASAP.

 

JWVS






