

	John, I talked with Donna and got back with Bob Burleson.  Let's see what his
	answer is and then I may have you and Donna work on this one.  Thanks. Lynn

 

Lynn,
All of our agent roles in the past have been to act as agent on NNG or TW for a customer not take nominations or do accounting as a third party pipe. TMS could probably be split out to take care of the nominations and confirmations but who's Tariff rules would it follow? if theirs TMS would have to be programmed for them, we would also need to duplicate a web site for postings. Confirmations up and down stream would not be much of a problem. Do you want IT to work up an estimate for the work and a timeline? I will talk to Donna about the fee associated with this role; she handled the Calpine agreement for TW which was different from the Northwest agreement. 
Let me know if you want me to procede.

John Buchanan
 

	John, we look into this for another party at one time?  Do you recall what 
	all would be necessary to accomodate this request?  Thanks. Lynn

 
Cc:	Huber, Lee

Shelley/Lynn

As you know, we are getting fairly close to an understanding with Williams regarding NNG's MOPS assets.  As we continue to negotiate the PSA, one item has come up that we need your help with.  Williams has requested that we enter into an Operating Agreement with them to assure a continuity of service for the MOPS shippers.  They are concerned that the period of time from closing to them being able to incorporating the administrative functions into their back office systems may be disruptive.  They would like for us to continue to schedule the pipe, take the nominations, post information on the Bulletin Board, even submit invoices to the shippers, confirm with upstream and downstream parties, etc.... while they adapt their systems to these new assets.

I am assuming that once we close, we can no longer do these functions as NNG, but  would be acting as their agent.  It is still unclear which Williams entity will be acquiring the assets, so we still don't know which Tariff we would be working with. Can our systems segregate this administrative function from the rest of NNG to allow us to perform for a third party?  I don't anticipate more than a six month period of us performing these duties.  We will also need to develop a fee structure to assure all or expenses are recouped, and then add a reasonable surcharge (maybe 15%?).

They will also require Operational support, but the current contract between NNG and Enron Operations will be assigned to them.  

Thanks for your help.

Bob