

    We can make the meeting Thursday afternoon if that is better for you guys.  It will
    be short because there is not a whole lot to discuss.   Rick, FYI, Shelley postponed her meeting
    until 10:00 in the morning so she could listen in on FERC meeting.  Possible means they do
    not have a final ruling as to what direction we are going, but she wanted to give us a "heads
    up" from a system perspective.  Hopefully that helps.  See ya'll in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn

 
 
Cc: Davis, Larry; Dasilva, Esther



Rick/Lynn, we have very few MPS contracts with imbalances and if we do, they are relatively small - Larry B. takes a look at those each month. Because of Close and since we will see Imbalance invoices and DDVC invoices for the first time, tomorrow is always a very busy time - we also may have some last minute measurement corrections to make so I would prefer to have the meeting in the afternoon if we have to have it tomorrow.  Just let us know the criticalness of this and we'll work around you and Rick's schedules.
 
Thanks,
 
Raetta
 

 
Cc: Davis, Larry; Dasilva, Esther 


Lynn,
 
9:00 may be a bad time for you and I if Shelley has her normal Wednesday staff meeting.  With everything that has gone on today, I believe she will want to meet.  8:30 may be a better time if you are available.
 
Does possible mean probable?  Or was it just a theoretical conversation you had with regulatory affairs?  Esther/Larry should be able to run a report showing us the MPS volumes on contracts.  I do not believe we will find very much volume.  
 
Rick
 
 

 
Cc: Blair, Lynn 



        
        I talked with Mary Darveaux and there are some possible billing changes  coming that 
        we need to discuss in the morning. 

        1.  There may be a 10 day lag on pricing 
        2.  The MPS imbalance volume will be taken out of the tiering denominator 
                calculation. (as well as fuel) 
        3.  We need to run a report to see how oftern (if at all) we have had imbalances on MPS contracts. 

        Do you have any time Wed. morning?  What about 9:00 a.m. in my office?  If that 
        doesn't work we can look at tomorrow afternoon.  Thanks. Lynn 