

Enron's 2001 United Way Campaign focuses on making a difference to people severely impacted by the recent flood "Allison".  All business units and Corporate functions will be participating in a Day of Caring, teaming with the following United Way agencies: Jewish Community Center, YMCA, Neighborhood Centers, and Center for the Retarded.  The Corporate functions and EGAS employees' Day of Caring is on Wednesday, August 8, 2001, and we will be teaming with the Jewish Community Center to provide assistance to senior citizen meals-on-wheels beneficiaries.  Activities that will be completed that day include painting, yard work, landscaping, cleaning, and various home repairs.

The Jewish Community Center provides community services to individuals regardless of religious orientation.  These services include: childcare, youth development, summer day camp, meals-on-wheels and congregate meals to the elderly, health and recreation programs, dance, drama and music programs, refugee services and other community services.  The Jewish Community Center is responsible for providing approximately 40% of Houston/Harris County meals-on-wheels per day.  Funding comes from a combination of federal and state programs, the United Way and individuals.

I encourage every single employee  to take at least half of your day on August 8th to participate in this effort.  RAC's goal is 100% participation.  It is a unique opportunity to truly make a difference in someone's quality of life, and you will be able to see first hand how your United Way contributions improve the lives of people in our own community.  

Below are our United Way contacts within each group that will be helping with this process and can answer any questions.  Please sign up with your team leader by designating whether you are interested in participating for a full day, or for which half of the day, and they will review with each function's department head to ensure appropriate RAC coverage for that day's responsibilities.  

Thank you in advance for volunteering your time.  Let's show everyone that RAC is dedicated to helping those that are less fortunate.

Rick


Enron Corp. Day of Caring RAC Representatives:	
Cassandra Schultz and Rebecca Phillips

RAC Day of Caring Team Leaders:
Underwriting:			Cindy Hudler
Credit Risk:			Darren Vanek
Market Risk:			Rita Hennessy
Portfolio Management:		Becky Caudle
Compliance:			Shelli Smith
