

---------------------- Forwarded by Scott Neal/HOU/ECT on 09/22/2000 02:09 PM 
---------------------------





Executive Impact & Influence Program
* IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete *

An essential element of the Executive Impact and
Influence Program is the feedback, which will be
provided to you by others in the organization.

The Team Selection process allows you to identify those
people from whom you wish to receive feedback (i.e.,
your immediate Manager, each Direct Report, and
Colleagues/Peers).  Please keep in mind that the most
pertinent feedback will come from people with whom you
interact on a regular and frequent basis.

It will also be important for you to request feedback
from all your direct reports, at least five or six
colleagues/peers, and your immediate boss(s).  If you
do not get feedback from AT LEAST three direct reports
and three colleagues/peers, those two groups will be
combined in your feedback report.

Team Selection and subsequent feedback collection are
now being administered primarily via the Internet.
After you have completed the Team Selection process,
each of your raters will receive an email with an
Internet address and password to go online and submit
feedback for you.

It is important that you complete your Team Selection
NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Tuesday, October 3.

To begin the Team Selection process, you will need the
following Internet address and Password.

Open your Internet browser e.g., Internet Explorer or
Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL
address below into your Internet browser (please DO NOT
go through Lotus Notes):

www.fsddatasvc.com/enron/register.html

Your Password is:  EKCX8H

If you experience technical problems, please call
Dennis Ward at FSD Data Services in Houston, Texas at
713-942-8436.  If you have any questions about this
process, you may contact Debbie Nowak at Enron,
713-853-3304, or Christi Smith at Keilty, Goldsmith &
Company, 858-450-2554.

Thank you for your participation.
