

II have tried to approve this through the Data Manager - not sure if it 
worked.

I know we must have been through this any number of times before but each 
time I read one of these I wonder how we are supposed to figure out the 
Notional Quantity.  It says "calculated from the volume submitted by 
Counterparty on the website" but how do we know how to calculate it?  Where 
does it say whether that number is a daily or monthly number?  Gallons or 
Barrels?  I remain confused.




Dale Neuner on 01/25/2000 09:21:44 AM


Thanks, Bjorn,

Please go into the DataManager and indicate your approval.

Kevin and Jeff;

please review and make the same indication.

To all: we are working on getting the e-mail notification repaired.

Dale
---------------------- Forwarded by Dale Neuner/HOU/ECT on 01/25/2000 09:16 
AM ---------------------------


Bjorn Hagelmann
01/25/2000 01:49 AM


Looks fine to me! It seems consistant with all the other things we trade in 
the OTC postion of our book.

Regards

Bjorn H.



Dale Neuner on 01/24/2000 04:59:42 PM

Mark and Bjorn-

I've created a new Product Type - Jet Kero Financial Swap. The automatic 
e-mail notification isn't working so I won't know if you go in and approve 
the product. Please review the attached, as well as the below Long 
Description, and offer you approval/comments. (You will find it in the 
Partially Approved section - as credit has offered their sign-off). As you 
could imagine trading is eager to get this out on the web.

Mark - Once the Product Type is approved we will build the complete product 
and I'll send that to you for review.

"A US Jet Kerosene financial Swap Transaction with Enron North America Corp. 
under which the Seller pays a 
Floating Price and the Buyer pays the price submitted by Counterparty on the 
website (the Fixed Price) in respect 
of the Notional Quantity per Determination Period. The Notional Quantity per 
Determination Period shall be 
calculated from the volume submitted by Counterparty on the website. Each 
calendar month during the term 
of the Transaction will be a Determination Period. The Payment Date(s) will 
be 5 business days after the 
Floating Price is determinable.  The Floating Price shall be the Index for 
the relevant Determination Period."










