

Who will attend and present?

Jim

 

MEMORANDUM

TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
       Power Marketers Working Group
       NERC Working Group

FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
             Bob Reilley, Power Marketers Working Group Chair
             Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy
            Mark Bennett, Senior Manager of Policy

DATE: November 8, 2001

RE: Industry Meeting Regarding the Wholesale Electricity
      Standard Organization

The Department of Energy (DOE) is sponsoring an industry wide meeting facilitated by EPSA, ELCON and the National Energy Marketers Association.  This forum will be held on December 7th, and is designed to provide an opportunity for open discussion on the organizational structure needed to represent the wholesale electric interests in the development of market-based standards and types of standards that should be addressed.  As with the previous industry-wide meetings held on standards development activities for the wholesale and retail natural gas and electric topics, the DOE has graciously offered its facilities for the meeting site.  The meeting specifics are below and a draft agenda is attached.

WHERE:	Department of Energy
	Forrestal Building
                1000 Independence Avenue, S.W.
	Washington, D.C. 20585

ROOM:	Large Auditorium, Room GE-086

WHEN:	Friday, December 7th
 	10:00 a.m.  to  5:00 p.m.

The nature of the debate should address the framework for an organization whose role would be to develop wholesale electric standards, including scope of activity, segments for each of the industry quadrants, and any additional key principles that are necessary.  As supporting information for the meeting is prepared, which would include a more detailed agenda, it will be posted on the GISB web site, (www.gisb.org) and sent out to both the Regulatory Affairs Committee and the NERC Working Group.  A draft agenda for the meeting is attached.





? Name of Attendee
? Company Represented
? Phone Number
? Email Address
? Fax Number
? Country of Citizenship

In addition to its normal security process, the DOE has additional security measures if should you bring in cell phones or laptop computers.  The auditorium has very limited number of power outlets for laptops, and it is advised not to bring them to the meeting.  Should you need to bring in a cell phone or a laptop, you should allow more time for a longer procedure for checking through security.   The auditorium has a seating capacity of 200, with limited standing room.  An attendance list will be provided to the DOE to facilitate the sign in procedures, and will be made available at the meeting.

Please feel free to contact Mark Bennett at 202-628-8200 if you have any questions or comments.

 - DOEdraftAgenda.doc 