

FYI.
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 07/14/2000 10:09 
PM ---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		








I have reviewed the below document provided by Kay Mann.  While I realize the 
Chicago team is trying to proceed in an expeditious manner, there are 
concerns within the document which affect the financing and accounting 
treatment of Canada's Project Moore.  The items discussed below are focused 
on the 2 ABB turbines Enron Canada is interested in potentially acquiring.

From an accounting perspective (Herman and Roger, please correct me where I 
misstate something we talked about this afternoon):

 *  Any payment amount provided to PERC from an Enron entity must be in the 
form of an option premium.  If an Enron entity were to make any other type of 
payment to PERC associated with the purchase of the turbines, it would be 
considered a hard cost and the turbines would be put on Enron's balance 
sheet.  Once there, they could not be used in Project Moore since that 
Project must be kept off balance sheet.

 *  Enron Canada cannot just step into PERC's shoes under the WestLB 
Documents and Turbine Contract.  These documents were entered into at the 
beginning of 2000 and approved by PERC's accountants.  The AA team for Enron 
has been reviewing a considerable number of both sets of documents and the 
required language has changed quite a bit on both from early 2000.  
Therefore, both the WestLB Documents and the Turbine Contract will need to be 
amended to receive AA's approval to keep the turbines off Enron's balance 
sheet.

From a financing perspective:

 *  We are currently working at providing a Canadian lease structure for 
Project Moore.  From a cost perspective it would be best to wait until the 
structure is in place and have it purchase the turbines from WestLB/PERC.  
Without the DASH approved, the turbines will not be able to be purchased, no 
matter the Purchaser.  From the latest information I have, it appears that 
the DASH is scheduled to be presented to the Board approx. Aug 7th.  The 
Canadian structure should be ready shortly thereafter.  If there is a timing 
differential, our existing WestLB facility for Project Moore can be expanded 
to house the PERC turbines along with the existing N1s until the Canadian 
vehicle is ready.  This will be more expensive for Enron Canada than waiting 
until the Canadian vehicle is in place to purchase the PERC turbines since 
there will be two upfront "structuring" fees to be paid by Enron Canada.  
Given that the WestLB documents with Enron have already been negotiated and 
approved by AA, this appears to be a better alternative than "stepping into" 
PERC's shoes under their WestLB Documents and negotiating everything again.  
As for the Turbine Contract, it will need to be modified regardless of who 
the Purchaser is - WestLB or the Canadian vehicle.

 *  I realize PERC would like to keep all the potential deals wrapped 
together since they all involve Calumet Power LLC.  However, given the 
requirements for keeping the PERC turbines off Enron's balance sheet, it 
would seem to be cleaner for these turbines to be carved out and have Enron 
Canada enter into a separate Option Agreement with PERC, subject to 
satisfaction of conditions precedent, for the potential purchase of the 
turbines.  We have entered into several option agreements with vendors 
recently so the documentation is pretty standard and can be approved by AA 
quickly.  Although PERC would like a firm commitment from Enron, this will be 
difficult without the DASH being approved.   At the same time, PERC and ENA 
can continue to negotiate a contract for the rest of the potential 
transactions.

As for the rest of the Assignment and Option Agreement, I apologize for being 
out of the loop but would someone please update me on how you see these 
transactions being financed.  I want to insure that Finance and Accounting 
are up to speed with these transactions so that if ENA does move forward, it 
is a smooth process and balance sheet favorable.

I look forward to working with the team on finalizing the agreement(s) for 
PERC's review on Monday.


   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		




---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 07/14/2000 02:24 
PM ---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		





Here's where I am:



Kay





