

Thanks, Sue.  FYI--this new schedule was discussed a lot last week, and 
apparently was a big part of the meeting that occured with Davis' people and 
Angelides last Thursday nite.  It was a move to buy time to try and get a 
comprehensive settlement in place in the legislature (i.e., core/noncore). 

In addition to buying time to save Direct Access, it also gives Angelides 
more time to get the bonds lined up, which seems to be an increasingly 
challenging task---there's growing speculation that the issuance will be much 
more difficult than Angelides has thus far let on. 

That said, I need to check around, but there is some chance that the 
plan/agreement is that the PUC decisions would go out well in advance of 
August (with effective date being August), which would then provide enough 
time to let the expedited "appeals process" under (SB37?) run its course in 
time for the issuance in Sept/Oct.  In short, we'll need to remain vigilant 
energized because there's a chance that the decisions to which Angelides 
refers in the memo could be up at the Commission sooner rather than later.  
This is what I was hearing last Friday, but perhaps things have changed and 
now there's more time.   I'll check and report back.

Finally, simultaneous with those actions, folks are supposed to be putting 
the core/noncore agreement into legislative language.  I'll report back as 
soon as I have more information on that.

Best,
Jeff



	Susan J Mara
	07/03/2001 11:27 AM
		 



		 		 needed until mid August

The memo to investors says that a new law will take effect on Aug 13 that 
puts in place shortened appeal times at the CPUC.  The memo says that the 
CPUC does not need to act on the key issues, including suspension of DA, 
until Aug 13 or later.  It also says the bonds are now to be sold in 
Sept-Oct. The memo states that the CPUC, Governor, Treasurer, etc. have 
agreed with the new timetable.

Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
----- Forwarded by Susan J Mara/NA/Enron on 07/03/2001 09:20 AM -----


	07/03/2001 08:38 AM
		 





		 		 

I just received this document from Angelides' office - it's a memo outlining
a revised timetable for the PUC actions required for the bond sale. FYI. EM.





Please note the update regarding the State of California DWR Power Bonds
provided in the attached memo.

 <<Investor Memo -- Timetable Update 7-2-01.pdf>>

If you have any questions, please contact Charles Fitzpatrick at (800)
900-3873.






 - Investor Memo -- Timetable Update 7-2-01.pdf

