

Since I missed part of the meeting Friday, what was the to do on this topic?  Thanks. Lynn

   
	  		




Lynn, just to follow up:  Should I be doing anything further regarding the Terra Nitrogen Corporation A/R issue as detailed below.  I am certain this will come up in the Customer Accounts Meeting this Friday, and I'd like to make sure we (Market Services) have covered everything possible.

Thanks,
S.

   
	  		




Per Frank's telecon this afternoon:  He has made repeated telephone calls to Audie Bremmer -- Audie has not returned any of his calls.  Frank even tried to arrange a time to visit with Audie on a recent trip to see MidAm. 

Frank will be putting a letter to Terra together in the next day or two, and will send a copy to me.  Will keep you informed -- thanks.


   
	  		




Terra is building an outstanding balance due NNG on the A/R, and an explanation is in order for the sequence of events.  With the latest Commodity Close, the A/R will total $528,445.91, which includes a PPA in the amount of $171,217.80 (February).  This will be rolling on to the 30 days' Customer report very shortly.

Earlier this spring, discussions were held with Loren and Frank regarding Terra's contract #104684 and December's transportation invoice.  Scheduled quantities reports for December 2000 through February 2001 were sent for their review.  

The decision was made to repath the December Reservation in order to revise the base/variable volumes which resulted in a PPA in the amount of $175,507.80.  A PPA form was signed by all parties and forwarded accordingly.  In early March, we determined we had monies due Terra and after discussions with Loren, it was agreed we would net all invoices currently on the A/R -- this included the December PPA.   Bill Fowler had talked to TransCanada and left a detailed voicemail for Audie Bremmer, Terra.  The net monies wired to Terra totaled $295,155.36.

In late March, Loren advised us to repath the February Reservation in order to revise the base/variable volumes which resulted in a PPA in the amount of $171,217.80.  A PPA form was signed by all parties for this one as well.  There was no reason to repath January 2001.

In April, Kathy tried to telephone Audie who would not return her call.  His message to her, through his assistant (Maggie), was that he would not pay any invoice without a telephone call from Frank.  This was relayed to Loren and he relayed same to Frank.  As a side note, Frank had seen Audie at some industry function fairly recently and had tried to call Audie -- Audie had not returned his calls.  

In last week's followup with Loren, he relayed that Frank had visited with Dave Neubauer on this issue, and the feeling was that December was closed and we would waive February.  However, Bill Fowler feels February should still stand.  Loren shared there was a similar deal with Minnegasco and they had to pay the revised invoice.  If we allowed the February to be waived, TransCanada would relay that info to Minnegasco.

I plan to talk to Loren again mid-week to update this issue to see if he and Frank feel the timing is acceptable for us to contact Audie.  Should anyone have any questions or suggestions, please advise -- will be in the office 6:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. this week. 

Thanks,
S.




