

If you would like me to attend and think that it would be useful, just let me 
know.  And thanks very much for the tip on the WSJ story.



	Enron Energy Services
	
		Phone No: 713-853-9916
	























The Environmental Strategies group invites you to attend a company-wide, 
Enron Environmental Strategy Meeting on September 15th from 9-2 (including 
lunch & snacks).  The purpose of the meeting is to start an internal dialogue 
about the growing environmental market and ways in which Enron can capture 
associated business opportunities.  As many of you are aware, the 
environmental market is quickly changing and expanding with a growing 
correlation between energy efficiency, renewable energy, air emissions, and 
new technology developments.  Given our vast industry expertise and 
comprehensive service, Enron has a significant advantage to meet these market 
demands, which present both wholesale and retail opportunities.

For those of you that can attend, please RSVP by sending in a short 
description of what you do, and any suggestions to the below tentative agenda 
by Friday, September 8th.   I'll circulate these descriptions to those who 
have RSVPd along with a finalized agenda.   The location is TBD.  

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at 3-9916. 
Stacey Bolton


TENTATIVE AGENDA
Introductions
 Brief introductions including what you do for Enron and its related 
environmental issues 
 Update on what each of the Enron groups are doing related to environmental 
market opportunities
State of the Environmental Market, updates on:
 Size of the market
 Emission and Green Premiums 
 Customer demand for environmental products
 Mandates and Incentive Funds
 Credit trading programs
 Utility and competitors renewable product offerings
 Governments' efforts to "go green"
 Current and pending air regulatory compliance issues
Concepts for discussion
 Upcoming bids/commercial partnering opportunities
 Trading Renewable Credits and Emissions Nationwide/Worldwide
 Regulatory issues - Hot spots
 Launching Environmental Product Offerings
  Potential products:
  -synthetic green energy product 
  -100% wind green credits
  -new regulatory/compliance/risk management products
  -bundled environmental performance improvement products

