

Super Saturday is super early---7:15 sat. morn. and I'm at my desk.   Sounds 
like all your events will be fun.  I'm counting on your helping me with my 
parties, too!
Sounds like this week is busy, but I'm around next weekend.  We'll figure it 
out this week.  No message yesterday, so I rescheduled it for late afternoon 
today, can wait.  

Later--Jeff





11/10/2000 01:20 PM

this was the wierdest book I have ever read.  It was called The Story of O, 
and it about this sex cult in Paris and it totally freaked me out.  I am glad 
that it is over.  I started another one last night that is a little bit 
lighter.  Three generations of Jewish women in the south kind of thing.  tell 
me if yours is good.  I haven't read it.  I am going to the chronicle book 
dinner on sunday and I am totally psyched.  if you want me to get any of the 
books signed for you let me know.  Ted Coppel will be there with his new 
book.  I am running out so leave me a message if you want it.  Have a great 
weekend!  I am bummed you can't make next thursday, so we will have to plan 
something fun soon.
ALI



Everything was ok, just busy.  Good book?  I just started "When the sons of 
heaven meet the daughters of earth"  have you heard of it?  I'd absolutely 
love to go the the Anne Frank thing, but I can't get back from the management 
conference.  I'm on a panel (with Jeremy) early Friday a.m.  





11/10/2000 08:16 AM

they must make you sign a confidentiality agreement when you walk in the 
door!  well, I guess I have no choice but to believe you, even though some 
juicy details would be kind of fun!  
Her piano was so bad they had to do it twice.  At least I got to finish a 
book.  



piano tuning?  nothing bad about last night--very tame.




11/09/2000 12:01 PM

ok...so I do want the low-down on last night b/c I am sure there is a lot 
that is inappropriate for email!  I will be out of the office all afternoon 
so if you want to talk I'll be on my cell phone 256-5582.
Big....small....it is still the Enron Executive Committee and you should feel 
extremely proud.  I am so happy for you!
I hope that you have a great lunch and that your speech went will this 
morning.

ali



Great!  Sorry YOU weren't there...
I'm on my way out  for a lunch.  I'll call you later.   (I'm excited about 
the exec committee, but it is a little big, so I told Skilling we should 
rename it the exec villiage!)




11/09/2000 11:06 AM

how was the dinner?  I heard that there are PLENTY of girls there!  



















