

Does any of this make sense to the two of you?  Please get back with me pon January 3rd and let me know if we do have outstanding issues with AEP and if we have unfinished projects from Carolyn Guilley.  Thanks. --Sally 

 

Sally ...
I thought I would pass this on. 

It started with some unidentified boxes which Shirley Birch was trying to locate.  I do not think Carolyn Gilley is here any longer.

Sheila 

 
Cc:	Gruesen, Karen

This definitley does not sound like HPL.  I will ask around and see if anyone knows anything.  

However, there are about 1,400 boxes that do relate to HPL in a couple of conference rooms over at 3AC.  They need to go to AEP.  In additon there are approxiamately 12,000 boxes that relate to HPL at Iron Mountain that belong to AEP, however many of these boxes also contained other non-HPL information that needs to be removed prior to AEP taking possesion of them.  Carolyn Gilley had a contracter working on reviewing the contents of these boxes and removing the non-HPL stuff.  AEP is in the process sending a demand letter to us asking for these boxes as they have upcoming tax audits and other needs for the boxes.  Who can work on this for us?  AEP is willing to fund a team of contractors to complete this.

 
Cc:	Gruesen, Karen

	jim,

	thanks so much for taking the time to reply.   the boxes were sent to bert stromquist from linda lyrock (EGEP, Inc.).  	i am not sure about the labeling of the boxes (HPL).  the boxes contain technical data for expl & prod for 	international areas.  

	bert was with enron global markets.  any ideas regarding these records will be helpful.

	thanks,

	shirley birch, records management
	X5-6716

 
Cc:	Birch, Shirley; Gruesen, Karen

No.  We did have HPL boxes over that at one time and Carolyn Gilley and Earl Johnson managed the process but both are no longer here.  Can we get more specific information as to the contents and whether they are labled as HPL or not?

 
Cc:	Birch, Shirley

Jim,
Any idea?
sg

 
Cc:	Carr, Karen V.; Calzoncit, David

the fileroom on the 15th flr in 3AC has 12 containers with records that were sent to Bert Stromquist.  i cannot find bert in the system.  the information is technical data for exploration and production.  any idea of who may direct us with this information?  value to a new exp & prod group?

thanks,

shirley birch
X5-6716