

Coordination is a major problem at Enron.  You are asking all the right questions.  Mark

 

FYI; let me know if you have any thoughts about my approach below.  I met with Jeff Golden earlier today and he suggested that such a "matrix" was being prepared and should be ready for distribution early next week.  It amazes me that we don't have all of this in a nice, neat little package.  I will push hard to make sure this gets put together.

Jordan

 

Good luck on the forms of documents.  I tried to implement this for two years, but I couldn't get anyone in the legal department to take it on, nor could I get buy-in from the satellite corporate development groups.  I sincerely hope you are successful, although it may fall into the category of too little, too late....

Take care,
Mark

 
Cc:	Muller, Mark S.; Donahue, Jeff; Taylor, Mitch; Detmering, Timothy J.; Metts, Mark; Golden, Jeff; Schuler, Lance (Legal); Williams, Jimmie; Wadlington, Mark; Ginty, James

Some of what follows may be old news or otherwise outdated, but as I try to get up the learning curve w/r/t our efforts regarding asset dispositions, I thought it may be helpful to summarize some items that I would think could be extremely helpful in the organization of our commercial and legal actions.  I recognize that there is no "one template fits all"; nevertheless,  it would be extremely helpful if we already have or are otherwise organizing the following:

(1) Forms of CAs, LOUs/MOUs, PSA Agreements, and other relevant M&A docs;
(2) Matrix-type organization for every asset/business/investment that is "for sale" providing for the following:
   (a) Asset description and location;
   (b) Ownership of asset, including ownership schematics;
   (c) Book value of asset; estimated market value--and support for such; relevant financial information;
   (d) Likely purchasers;
   (e) Restrictions on transferability, including tax issues, consents, regulatory approvals, financings, etc.
   (f) Lead commercial contact;
   (g) In-house legal support, accounting support, tax support;
   (h) Outside counsel (U.S. and local, where appropriate);
   (i)  Outside advisors (investment bank, etc) and their counsel;
   (j) Status report and likely (realistic) timeframe; and
   (k) Other

If any of you can advise me whether we already have these items in place or, if not, your suggestions in this regard, I would very much appreciate it.

Jordan