

Barbara --

What's up with TN?  Did we ever solve the issue with Stokes Bartholomew funding with the commercial team?

Jim

 

The Governor's Energy Working Groups' subcommittee on merchant plants will take comments from independent suppliers on October 18th.  TVA made a presentation at the last meeting of the subcommittee.  I will forward to you an outline of their comments.

Please take a look at them and provide me with comments on how you think the industry should respond and who you think should do it (i.e. should we have EPSA testify, a panel of industry experts, etc...).  I will be on the EPSA call Friday afternoon.

For those of you who are not aware, Enron has site near Memphis that it is developing.  The air permit application was submitted prior to the Chief of Staff's letter advising local air boards to not accept new permits.  We tentatively believe that our permit can go forward w/o holdup.   While our site might be spared, we need to take into consideration the fact that the state could take action to severely limit independent power projects in TN.  This action could result in a domino effect in the south.  Also, this meeting provides us with an opportunity to bring our message regarding TVA into Tennessee.

I will also obtain a copy of the subcommittee's members and forward it to you.

Also, Robert Gowan of Stokes Bartholomew, one of our law firms in TN, is talking with the head of the EWG about getting EPSA appointed to the Advisory Board of the Working Group.   

 
Cc:	Andrea Spring; Jodi Empol

The meeting with the Committee will be held in Nashville on October 18th.  Instead of 30 minutes, we will have 60 minutes.  Following our presentation, the Tennessee distributors
will have 30 minutes.  We are welcome to stay for the distributors' presentation.  The continental breakfast/registration will begin at 9:30 a.m.
 Our presentation will begin at 10:00 a.m.  The distributors will begin their
presentation at 11:00 a.m.

I hope you'll be able to join the conference call on Friday, September 28th at 11:00 a.m. EDT to discuss how to use our 60 minutes.  To access the call, please dial 1-800-937-6563 and ask for the EPSA/Samantha Slater call.  Please make sure to ask for the Samantha Slater call, since we will have two EPSA calls going on at the same time.

Thanks!