

I'd be happy to help and learn.  Hve your assistant call Maureen McVicker 
713.853.1808.




	01/11/2001 12:01 AM
		 
		 		 		 


Dear Mr. Kean,
I am the Corporate VP of HR at Cargill, Incorporated, a privately held
company based in Minneapolis.  Cargill is an international marketer,
processor and distributor of agricultural, food, financial and
industrial products and services,
with 85,000 employees in 60 countries. The company provides distinctive
customer solutions in supply chain management, food applications and
health and nutrition.  Recently, our CEO, Warren Staley, met with Jeff
Skilling who was kind enough to provide your name as a contact to
arrange an information exchange on leadership development between Enron
and Cargill.

Cargill currently has a team comprised of business leaders and human
resources professionals working to design a leadership
development process for our company.  Based on our research and Enron's
reputation for having innovative and successful programs for developing
leaders, we are very interested in talking with you to benchmark
Enron's leadership development process.  We would like to arrange a one
hour phone conversation with you or your designate within the next two
weeks, if possible.  During this call, we would be pleased to share
with you information about Cargill's current leadership development
programs.  We are also talking with several other companies and will
prepare of report summarizing our learnings which we would be happy to
share with you at the conclusion of our project.  Of course,
information will be combined and the confidentiality of participating
companies will be protected.

I hope you will be able to accomodate our request.  Please contact me

then have my administrative assistant work your staff to arrange a
mutually convenient time.  Prior to the call, I will forward a specific
list of questions for your consideration.

Thank you for your time, and I look forward to talking with you.

Best regards,
Nancy Siska







