

It looks like things are moving forward on the Intergen/CA deal.  If we can 
verify the status of the wires we will want to give notice today.  Fred Mitro 
is working on this and will give you a call to up date the status.

I have not seen the final numbers to plug into the notices.  Is this 
information available?


Kay
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 01/10/2001 02:41 
PM ---------------------------







Kay:
 
We have received by fax a new letter from SEL to ENA advising that all three
Facility Agreements delivered under ENA's January 8, 2001 letter are
acceptable to SEL, subject to the addition of Exhibit H-2 training materials
(omitted from the electronic version of the facility agreements) identical
to that inserted in the forms attached as exhibits to the turbine letter
agreements.  I will have copies of Exhibit H-2 made and inserted as
appropriate.  
 
The notice letter resolves all of the issues presented by the letter
previously tendered.  This new letter dated January 9, 2001 establishes
today, January 10, as the deadline for SEL funding the escrow, and Thursday,
January 18, 2001 (due to bank holiday on the 15th) as the closing date.
 
Fred just reported that Lari Paradee has advised that the three wire
transfers funding the escrows have been sent and that Citibank has confirmed
to her that the two $16.1 million wires have been received, with
confirmation on the transformer wire still pending.  She is to circulate
confirmation numbers as soon as available.  Enron may wish to independently
verify funding.   
 
Carolyn M. Campbell
King & Spalding
713-276-7307 (phone)
713-751-3280 (fax)

 



                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.



