

Sounds fine to me.








My vote would be to give George courtesy copies.


Cc: Keffer, John


Kay:

Of course - please feel free to come over and review the documents.
Everything is organized in preparation for the closing.  When you have a
minute, can you please advise of any comments to the membership certificates
and promissory notes circulated by e-mail from me 01-03-2001 with subject
reference "Closing Documents".  Once I have your comments, I can circulate
these documents to George, and I presume he will prepare the form of
promissory note desired by SEL.  

In response to your question on delivering the assignment documents to
George, I am somewhat indifferent.  In some respects, I am inclined to
provide courtesy copies of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement and the
Bill of Sale to George, as I would want an opportunity to review these
documents if I were in his position.  On the other hand, he has not
indicated any desire to be in the loop on this aspect of the transaction,
and we do not necessarily want to invite additional comments.  I'm leaning
toward providing copies, but perhaps John has a stronger opinion.

Do you have any comments on the letter agreement for the 7EA turbine?  I
thought Ben wanted to get this out.  Let me know.  Thanks.

Carolyn M. Campbell
King & Spalding
713-276-7307 (phone)
713-751-3280 (fax)







I expect to be out of town Wednesday and Thursday of next week (don't
worry, Ben can ALWAYS find me).  I would like to review the stuff before I
leave town.  Could I come over Tuesday and give it a look?

Do you guys think we need or should give Intergen the assignment docs and
the bills of sale?

Kay




                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.




