

You're e-mailing me on Greg's address book.  It's because I responded to your 
first address from his e-mail and I thought I was in my address book.

Honey,  please feel better soon.  I'm saying a prayer for you right now.  I'm 
glad I put a smile on your face (and what a handsome face it is).    Liz







 Going
forward, you're getting "fine or not so fine." - I don't understand.

I'm having a poor day.  Got to have thick skin in this business.
Hey, thinking of your beautiful "happy" smile makes me smile.  You certainly
deserve someone that brings that special kind of joy to your life.





He asked me to table it til this week.  Last week was full of activities
planning for the Analyst conference and tons of meetings about our problems
in CA (Power).

Sorry you're not feeling well.  Take care of yourself.    I had a lovely
weekend, thank you.  Edmond and I did dinner & dancing on Saturday night.

Super Bowl party for two.  This was a lot of fun.  We ate junk food and
drank cokes all night.  By 3:30a.m. this morning we both had a stomach
ache.

Am I sharing enough, to much?  I think I like me old way better.  Going
forward, you're getting "fine or not so fine."

Liz






cc:


I had a so, so weekend.  I'm tired, half ill, and working for some new
accounts.  Any word yet?

How was your weekend?

I'm sure you and Edmund had a blast - what did you do?





Good Morning Ken,

Good weekend?

liz






Subject:


Please see below a summary of E&P weekly from CSFB research team.  The
complete report is attached for your review.

> 1) Group rebounds from over-sold position advancing 4%, leaders include
> Swift, Ocean, Mitchell, Louis Dreyfus and Canadian Natural.
> 2) Despite weather related selling pressure on near month natural gas
> prices, the out months remain strong between $5.50 and $6.00.
> 3) With 20% of US gas production reporting, volumes declined 1.6%
> sequentially and 5.5% versus 4Q99. Volumes declined 4% in 2000 versus
> 1999.
> 4) Value creation update: 5 companies reported increasing value by 29%
> on average, leaders include Pogo, Ocean and Pioneer.
>
>
 <<EnP012901.pdf>>
Regards,

Kenneth F. Hoskins
Private Client Services
Credit Suisse First Boston

Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation
 an affiliate of
CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON CORPORATION

401 City Avenue, Suite 110
Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004-1122

office: (610) 660-8914
   cell: (301) 922-9932



The information contained herein is provided, at your request, for
informational purposes only.  We make no representation as to its accuracy
or completeness.  Also, this information does not supersede confirmations
or
statements sent to you by DLJ.  Further, it does not constitute an offer to
buy or sell these securities.



(See attached file: EnP012901.pdf)








