

FYI.  Report from California's IPP trade association.
----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 01/12/2001 07:42 PM -----


	01/12/2001 06:52 PM
	Please respond to "Julee Malinowski-Ball"
		 























		 

      Steven Kelly
      Katie Kaplan
Cc: IEP Board of Directors
RE: Legislative Weekly Report Week Ending 1/12


RECENT EVENTS:

-- IEP has been meeting with legislators over the past two weeks.  Jan
and//or Katie and I have been attending these meetings.  Since Jan has been
in Washington DC we have rescheduled some of the more important meetings for
when he is back in town next week.  In general the meetings fall into two
categories and seem to be defined by party affiliation.  While this may not
be everyone's experience, our experience so far has showed that many of the
Republicans have embraced our message and are offering to lend support where
they are able.  Many of the Democrats have demonstrated extreme caution, are
interested in our message, but offering little or no support.  The major
theme for them is what they can take back to their districts.

The one exception on the Democratic side so far has been Senator Machado who
has requested IEP draft language on long-term contracting.  Senator Bill
Morrow (R) has requested assistance in drafting language on the NIMBY siting
issue, which we agreed to do so.  We have agree to assist both.

From hereon, we will focus on our meeting efforts on the new Assembly ECA
committee members and "meet and greets" with the new members in both the
Assembly and the Senate.  Because this meeting list was changing on an
hourly basis, it was impossible to forward to Board members.  Please be
sure, if you haven't already, to send us a list of your representatives so
we can contact you when a meeting with them has been confirmed.

-- Assembly U&C staff organized a meeting with the CEC and generators with
repower projects.  Generators in attendance included representatives from
Duke, Dynegy, Southern, AES and Sunrise (Williams was there but didn't
speak).  After each of the participants airing their grievances, we were
tasked with developing language, getting the generating industry to support
it and supporting it in the legislative process.  We were given until Friday
to hand in bill language to the U&C staff.  Such a commitment comes with
many promises and pitfalls which shuld be discussed next week on a
conference call which IEP will be setting up.

-- As reported in an e-mail yesterday, the first two special session bills
passed out of the new Assembly Energy Costs and Availability (ECA) committee
yesterday (ABX 5 and ABX6, both attached, but amended versions not in print
yet).  Both measures also passed off the Assembly floor today and are on
their way to the Senate for consideration in the Senate Energy Committee.
Members of that committee have not yet been announced.

-- The Governor had a press conference today to announce a plan to reduce
California's energy use by at least five percent within a week.  During the
Q&A portion of the press conference the Governor suggested the three members
of the new ISO Board should be the President of the CPUC, and the Chairs of
the EOB and the CEC.


UPCOMING EVENTS:

--  The Assembly Utilities and Commerce Committee is having an informational
hearing on Tuesday, January 16th at 1:30 pm in room 4202.  IEP will be
setting up a conference call to discuss IEP's involvement in this hearing.

--end--

Julee Malinowski-Ball
Senior Associate
Edson + Modsette
916-552-7070
FAX-552-7075






 - 2001 Tracking Report.doc
 - abx1_5_bill_20010109_introduced.pdf
 - abx1_6_bill_20010111_introduced.pdf