

I'll definitely take the room.  How (and when) do you plan to get there?  Do 
you rent a car in DC and drive or fly into Charlottesville? 




	01/05/2001 10:15 AM
		 
		 		 		 

Well Charlottesville actually has its own airport (looks a bit like St 
Thomas).  But DC is the only other place close by - and then a rental car (or 
bus or train).  I have an extra room reserved at Keswick Hall - very 
expensive - and at some point I have to release it or pay for it. Check it 
out at www.Keswick.com.    Rooms are tight over graduation weekend.

Linda Hayman
Skadden, Arps,Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP
4 Times Square, 42nd Floor
New York, NY  10036
T:  212-735-2637
F:  917-777-2637



That's a great idea - I'll see if I can line up a boat - anywhere in
particular you'd like to sail?  (BVI makes sense if there's a newcomer
along.)

Where do you fly into to get to Charlottesville?



                    "Linda


                    den.com>             to see us

                    01/04/2001
                    07:20 PM






I can sail anytime - Amanda is a tougher nut to crack.  She graduates on
May 20.  Wanna come to Virginia for graduation and then we could all leave
from there?

Any interest in Barcelona for a long weekend?




I can't believe you have to change planes in Chicago AND Dallas!  I don't
remember you being that willing to suffer for a cheaper ticket.

Bummer - looks like I'll just have to be the wimp this time.  There's
really no way I can get away next week.  I have heard of las ventanas - but
I didn't know about the evian spritzing.

Maybe next time.  Any more thoughts on a week that works for sailing?  I
could spring for a bottle of evian and a plant mister......





This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the
addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly
prohibited.  If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately
notify me at (212) 735-3000 and permanently delete the original and any
copy of any e-mail and any printout thereof.

Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.









This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the 
addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or 
confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this 
e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited.  
If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at 
(212) 735-3000 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail 
and any printout thereof.

Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.

 - Linda Hayman.vcf
