

----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 01/09/2001 09:26 AM -----


	01/07/2001 07:13 PM
		 



		 		 
Attached is a preliminary agenda for the LeBoeuf meetings this week.  

I would like to propose that we have the LeBoeuf lawyers in the office midday 
Tuesday to meet with us Tuesday afternoon and then as much as Wednesday as 
necessary. I would assume we would want a core group of lawyers to attend all 
or substantially all of the meetings and then we would bring in business 
people as appropriate. I would also try to arrange the schedule to handle EES 
only or EWG only issues  in blocks.

1.  PLEASE LET ME KNOW  ASAP IF THIS SCHEDULE IS A PROBLEM. I know getting on 
everyone's calendar on short notice is a challenge.  Thanks in advance for 
your attention to this matter. 
2.  John, can you highlight for me any areas where you expect business 
participation so we can start arranging our business people's schedules.
3.  EWG - who will take the lead on discussing the commercial agreements?
4.  Let me know if you have additional agenda topics. 
5.  Jim, should we arrange some time on your calendar with the LeBoeuf 
lawyers?

Please get me any suggestions, etc. Monday morning and we will work toward  
developing the final agenda for the meeting. 
---------------------- Forwarded by Vicki Sharp/HOU/EES on 01/07/2001 04:41 
PM ---------------------------






Vicki:

Attached is a draft of a proposed agenda for your consideration.  It has more 
things in it than a simple agenda, but I thought it may make some sense to be 
a little more inclusive in the "bullets" to make sure we cover as much as 
possible, from the standpoint of understanding or at least being aware of all 
of the moving parts in CA (CPUC, FERC, court litigations, etc.), while we 
have everyone together at this kick off meeting.  I would view the primary 
purpose of the meeting to obtain as much factual information as possible and 
to provide everyone with a general sense of the types of the considerations 
that would be likely to come up in the bankruptcy context.

I am simultaneously sending this to our bankruptcy folks so I may have some 
additional comments or topics in the morning.  I also will send to you at 
that time a brief memo prepared by our bankruptcy lawyers that goes through 
some of the initial bankruptcy considerations, based upon our conversations 
on Friday.

Please call me when you wish to follow up.

John



"This e-mail, including attachments, contains information that is 
confidential and it may be protected by the attorney/client or other 
privileges.  This e-mail, including attachments, constitutes non-public 
information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient(s).  If 
you are not an intended recipient, please delete this e-mail, including 
attachments and notify me by return mail, e-mail or by phone at 212 
424-8125.  The unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution or reproduction 
of the e-mail, including attachments, is prohibited and may be unlawful.

John Klauberg
LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.
212 424-8125


 - agenda.doc

