

Are you getting this? I would listen in on the first call, but these calls 
are worthless (for you) for the most part.
----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 01/16/2001 10:37 AM -----


	01/12/2001 05:00 PM
		 






















		 		 

Privileged and Confidential Joint Defense Communication

Re:       Late-Breaking Developments

             The Kansas Coordinating Counsel Committee met by telephone
today following the decision by Judge Downes granting the Quinque
Plaintiffs' Motion to Remand.   Here are highlights.

              1.   JDT-wide conference call next Wednesday, January 17,
at 2 p.m. Central.  Dial-in instructions are as follows:

Dial-in:  800-403-1026
Participant code:  305486

              2.   Kansas counsel will confer with committee on
scheduling issues on Monday to discuss approaches to court or
plaintiffs' counsel on schedule issues, such as new common answer/motion
date and discovery deadlines or stay.  Participants will receive
separate dial-in instructions.  This group will report to JDT at large
in Wednesday call.
               3.  Kansas motion committees will confer on Tuesday to
review status of dismissal motions on personal jurisdiction and
non-personal jurisdiction grounds.   Participants will receive separate
announcement of call and dial-in instructions.  This group will also
report to JDT at large in Wednesday call.
              4.   Preliminary research shows any rehearing application
needs to be on file before Judge mails order to remand case.  Judge
intends to mail order on Tuesday, January 16th.  (Law appears split on
whether rehearing can be entertained at all, but is clear any
application must be in before mailing).

NOTICE:  This message is PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL.  It is sent under
the terms and conditions of a Joint Defense Agreement (JDA) and is
directed only to recipients who the sender believes have agreed to be
bound by the JDA.  If you do not agree to be bound by the JDA, or if you
believe that this e-mail has been sent to you in error, please reply to
notify the sender that you received the message in error, and please
delete and disregard this e-mail.  Thank you.