

Market deals are only captured in accrual value calculations if they are in 
the wellhead portfolio.  I do not recall any sales currently in the wellhead 
portfolio.  However, I do not see a problem with the market deals unless they 
were marked improperly (e.g. accrual adders).

-EB


   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		


Would you all look at this, and make sure you all agree with the break-out?  
It is my understanding that this expense has NOT been included in Tom's P&L.  
If so, why hasn't it?   

Eric:  How are market deals reflected in the accrual value calculations?
---------------------- Forwarded by Brenda F Herod/HOU/ECT on 03/16/2000 
08:28 AM ---------------------------
   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
		


Brenda,

I am going through the market meters right now and am finding the following 
results for February.

TOM $124,002
GREG      $9,285

I started the process by pulling all the meters and associated transport 
rates off the transport capacity tickets.  I pulled them based on the 
delivery rates being greater than the matrix.  I then researched the deals to 
pull the deal tickets.  If the deal occurred before 7/99, then I assigned the 
expense to Tom.  If the deal occurred after 7/99, then I looked at who the 
dealmaker was and based the assignment of the transport expense on who the 
dealmaker was.  In all cases, either Papayoti or Lamphier did the deal.

I also trued up the transport rate to the transport rate on the deal ticket.  
This includes occasions when the transport capacity ticket did not have a 
transport rate but the transport capacity ticket had an increased rate.  In 
other words, I defaulted to the deal ticket so that we could have a paper 
record of the transport rate.

As of now, I still have to pull January volume and attach the rate to the 
March transport.  I wanted to go through the full analysis first and now that 
I have the actual transport rate from the deal ticket, I know which rate to 
attach.

I will pursue these avenues next.  Please let me know what questions you have.


Heidi

PS Details are attached.




