

When is graduation?  And, of course I will show up.  Although, if I recall, 
you didn't show up for mine!
You can send the announcement to 2512 Milam St. #5216, 77006.
I haven't heard of the advertising firm.  What kind of projects do they work 
on?   I am going to Earth Day. Are you?  Are you bringing Rebecca again this 
year? 
We will probably go out to Kenneally's, Griff's or Birraporetti's for St. 
Patty's day.  What about you?

e







The fam is doing well.  Dad has been travelling for work and the rest of the
fam, just relaxing I guess.  This is spring break for the girls, so they
haven't been doing too much!  So, where do I send my graduation
announcement?  Do you think you will be able to show up?  Or are you too
busy?  I'm sending my resume to an advertising firm in town, today, Daily
Communications, have you ever heard of them?  Are you still thinking about
going to earth day?  What about st. Patricks day, are you doing anything?
-d

  
        


  Things are going well here.  I have been pretty busy losing
lots of money at
  work.
  Brian and Hector are going to Europe at the end of the
month, but I can't go
  because of work.  It doesn't bother me that much though.   I
will probably try
  to take a trip over there in May.  On top of that I am
thinking about a cruise
  this summer some time.
  Brian and I are actually moving this weekend to a new
apartment within the Park
  at Midtown.  Brian recently got his bike stolen from the
balcony, so we are
  going to move to an interior apartment.  Of course, I
wouldn't expect you to
  relate to any of this because you have never seen my
apartment.  Oh well, I
  guess you have your priorities.

  Other than that, not a whole lot going on.  How are things
with you and the fam?

  e





05:24:32 AM

    cc:
  


  Hey Ner,
  Just wanted to write you a quick note and say hi.  I hope
everything is
  going o.k.  I haven't heard from you in a while.  How's the
fam?  Any trips
  planned for you yet?  Have you found out anymore about the
Europe trip?  How
  is work going?  And the apartment?  Are you still getting
along with Brian?
  Hope all is going well.

  -Dee


  

