

Get with George Z. and get this on the calendar.  Thanks. 
---------------------- Forwarded by Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT on 12/18/2000 
10:32 AM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		


Jeff K.,

Just a follow up to our prior conversations.

Representatives from Wells Fargo will be visiting Enron on Tuesday, January 
9, 2001.

As initially discussed, Wells is looking to learn more about Enron's overall 
risk management/trading capabilities and to explore potential areas of 
co-operation -- "areas where the two organisations may benefit from working 
together". Wells is incredibly interested in the breadth of markets that 
Enron is currently involved in. My sense is that, with a mandate to grow 
their capital market reach, Wells will be looking to us as a potential 
strategic partner in taking many of our capabilities to their immense 
corporate client base.

Based on my relationship with them, they have expressed special interest in 
EnronCredit. The form of this seems quite interesting. My sense is that they 
have explored building their own credit derivative capabilities and for 
various reasons feel that it may be more efficient/economical to build some 
sort of shared capabilities with our group -- I think that our focus on 
solutions for the corporate risk manager is attractive to them. In addition 
to this, their Chief Credit Officer will be joining on this date to explore 
our capabilities in assisting with management of the Bank's credit portfolio. 
Based on my discussions with them and my sense of their interest in exploring 
various types of working relationships with us, I would suggest that we have 
a senior presence at this meeting.

This being said, they also have a great deal of interest in speaking to the 
Heads of all our other risk management/commodity desks. My hope is that Jeff 
Shankman will be available to discuss/introduce Enron Global Markets which 
would then be followed with product presentations from all desks interested 
(Mark Tawney has already agreed to presenting our Weather Derivative 
capabilities). Also, our Global Finance Group has expressed their interest in 
participating during these discussions.

 It has been indicated to me that the following people will be attending from 
Wells Fargo:
Treasurer
Chief Credit Officer
Sr. VP, & Head of Product Development, Capital Markets
Head of Derivative Sales

My hope is to finalise an agenda by the end of the week. In order to 
accomplish this, I would like to discuss (as a group) the best format in 
which to present -- one which will ensure an accurate representation of our 
capabilities and of our interest in developing this relationship.

Thanks,
George
3-7489
