

Thanks. Will do.  Did you need something the other day?

Jeff





12/06/2000 08:04 PM

Jeff,
As you are aware, in Houston, there is a preferred distribution for the 
entire company.   That being said,  I am not involved in the  process for the 
Associates and Analysts in London.  We simply receive a copy of their 
results.  I am not sure how they are handling their process.  I suggest you 
contact John Sherriff, Drew Lynch or Sophie Kingsley in the London office.


   
	
	
		



What's the story with this
---------------------- Forwarded by Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT on 12/06/2000 
07:26 PM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		


Gentlemen,

Attached is a memo from Shane (he runs my group in London) describing how the 
London AA representative conducted the PRC process.  They ranked everyone 
ordinally then simply applied  the distribution and --- end of process.  This 
is a forced distribution and two of my people fell one rank.  As you both 
know, I have a problem with this and I think you should as well.


Gary
 
---------------------- Forwarded by Gary Hickerson/HOU/ECT on 12/06/2000 
01:59 PM ---------------------------


Shane Dallmann
12/06/2000 01:29 PM

Gary,

The pre-ranking meeting was held on Friday. The analysts and Associates for 
our group were assessed with the Traders for the first time.
The process was that a piece of paper was handed out showing the number of 
analysts and associates for each different class i.e trading, origination, 
finance, tech support etc and the forced distribution of rankings that would 
be followed for each group (I will get a copy of the sheet and fax it to 
you). We were told to rank all the Analysts (then after the Associates) from 
top to bottom and these were fitted to the distribution according to the 
sheet we were given with no deviation from the distribution shown on the 
sheet. We were told the names of the categories meant nothing and were just 
groupings ie "Has Issues" did not mean this it just meant the bottom two or 
three people of the distribution.The electricity desks had already had 
pre-meetings in which they fitted their own people and they expected every 
other group to fit their people similiarly.

The three A&A people we have here in London were all allocated "Excellent" 
ratings prior to the meeting but due to forced ranking of people to the 
defined distribution two of these were moved down to "Strong".

I am sorry that I did not send this email on Monday.

Regards,
Shane  








