

Agreed.   Mark




	04/26/2001 09:12 AM
		
		 		 		 
Mark -- If it's O.K. with you, I think it would be better for us here for any 
South America invoices to be sent to us in S?o Paulo, since that is where 
they'll be processed for payment.  Please let me know.  Thanks.

Rgds,
 John






Marty -

I don't need the originals or copies of these invoices and defer to Haedicke 
and Novak on how they want them processed.  Thanks.

Rob

 


That's fine Marty, thank you.










We can definitely send you copies of these invoices in the future to help 
facilitate your review and processing of bills. We send the originals to Rob 
Walls in Houston. We will begin with the March invoices which will be going 
out shortly.
    By copy of this memo to Rob Walls, we are advising him that we will be 
sending you copies of these invoices. Please let me know if this is 
satisfactory for your purposes. Marty


Dear April,

Would you mind sending the original of the statements of fees of the
subjects below to the S?o Paulo Office? Usually, before the invoices are
cleared they receive comments, codes, they are submitted to provisions for
cash and may route to different people for review.

Please let me know if this is not any inconvenient for you. Current
subjects invoiced by Skadden are:

                    Dona Francisca (John Novak)
                    RioGen Merchant - Eletrobolt (John Novak)

Thank you.

Mary Oliveira
Enron America do Sul Ltda.
Av. das Na??es Unidas, 11541 - 6o. andar
Brooklin - S?o Paulo - SP
04578-000
Tel: 55-11-5503-1296, Fax: 55-11-5507-3626







This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the 
addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or 
confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this 
e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited.  
If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify me at 
(212) 735-3000 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail 
and any printout thereof.

Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and their 
professional qualifications will be provided upon request.








