

Pls get me scheduled on the 13th.  thanks df
---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 10/18/2000 
02:05 PM ---------------------------


Richard Amabile
10/18/2000 11:02 AM







As Enron continues to tackle communication issues and address employee 
feedback, we are in the process of implementing a decision-making/problem 
solving tool throughout the organization.  This tool is called Participation 
& Dissent (P&D).  This process is aimed at:

- Bringing the right people together
- Speeding up decisions
- Acting on the suggestions of employees 
- Fostering channels of communication so that employees can speak their minds 
openly 
AND 
- Delivering business results at the same time!  

To ensure that P&D sessions remain productive and timely, each session is led 
by a facilitator.  Throughout the Enron organization, heads of business units 
have identified top rated, high performing individuals to serve as 
facilitators for all of Enron.  

For ETS, the following individuals have been identified for this 
developmental opportunity:

John Dushinske
Don Hawkins
John Keller
Sue Neville
David Odneal
Colleen Raker
Bob Hill
Shelley Corman
Mary Kay Miller
Drew Fossum
Wilson Barbee
Janet Place

To ensure that the facilitators are comfortable with the P&D process, they 
will be asked to participate in a training session in early November.  
Two dates have been established for facilitator training:

Thursday - November 2,  2000 - At the Woodlands - 8:00 am to 5:30pm
or
Monday   - November 13, 2000 - At the Woodlands - 8:00 am to 5:30pm

You can select either of these dates to fit your schedule. This assumes we 
will be able to get a reasonable sized group for each of the two days.  The 
training will be one day long.  Cheryl Austin Brown and Howard Morgan of 
Keilty, Goldsmith & Company (the people who conduct the Executive Impact & 
Influence Program) will be conducting the program. 

Please have someone from your office contact my administrative assistant,  
Debbie Nowak either by email or telephone (713)853-3304 and let her know your 
availability for these dates.

Please feel free to contact me directly at Ext. 33972 and I will be happy to 
brief you on the status of the effort.

           Dick Amabile
