

Could you coordinate with Cindy Stark on the meeting with Massey in a couple 
of weeks?  Stan has asked me if I would like to attend.  I would, but don't 
know when exactly it is scheduled for.
---------------------- Forwarded by Steven J Kean/NA/Enron on 04/30/2001 
07:41 AM ---------------------------


Stanley Horton
04/26/2001 04:53 PM



of the Story  

I agree.  I suggest the following.  Joe, we need you to go give a pitch to 
Massey's assistats about what is going on.  Next Jerry Halvorsen has 
scheduled a lunch with Massey in two weeks.  He has invited me to attend.  
What do you think?



Steven J Kean
04/26/2001 03:09 PM


the Story

We need to communicate with Massey before he gets completely carried away 
blaming the interstate pipeline business for gas price spikes.  We need to 
get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their 
opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state.  Shelley -- 
could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group.  Should Joe or I 
(or both) try to see massey when I am in town next week?
---------------------- Forwarded by Steven J Kean/NA/Enron on 04/26/2001 
02:07 PM ---------------------------
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich






the Story

Last week, I distributed a presentation that the Brattle Group gave before 
the California Inquisition (i.e., legislative gas oversight committee looking 
into the gas price spikes at the Cal border).  

The Brattle Group is a consulting firm that Edison has long used to beat up 
on SoCalGas (recall that Edison used to be a big gas customer when it owned 
power plants).  Edison "arranged" for the Brattle Group to be the star 
witness at the Cal Leg gas hearing.  Their job was to set up El Paso and 
Dynegy for the hit at hearings that took place the following day.  Their 
message was simple (and simplistic):

El Paso and Dynegy have market power.
They have used the market power to drive up basis and thus the price of gas 
at the border (to "obscene" levels).
That, in turn, has driven up electricity prices.

Ken Lay is giving a gas talk tomorrow, and Rob Bradley asked that I provide 
the alternative view to the Edison/Brattle rant, in the event that he gets 
any questions on the topic.  It's attached.  Apologies, it's quick and dirty, 
but it provides the basics.

Obviously no need for us to defend El Paso or Dynegy, but might be useful to 
offer a more rationale explanation than the one that the California 
Legislature is peddling.

Finally, we were also fingered somewhat as culprits at the hearing (the 
California PUC FERC lawyer claimed that ENA and TW colluded to drive up basis 
when ENA controlled a portion of  the capacity), but the overriding goal of 
the hearing was to go after EP and Dynegy.

Best,
Jeff








