

Cindy - this looks like it might be an opportunity for you or David to reach 
your target audience.
---------------------- Forwarded by Steven J Kean/NA/Enron on 04/24/2001 
02:12 PM ---------------------------


Steve,

Any thoughts on this?

Take care,
Mark

 

Cc: Fisher, Dolores

Dear Mr. Metts,

Enron, being one of the extraordinary companies that has been able to
restructure the corporation in an effective way, and that still is under
important business transformation, is a subject of many interests. The
current challenges are keeping company's management busy. Being aware of
this I wanted to take liberty of asking, if it would be possible to get
someone of Enron's top executive to contribute Nokia's top executive
development program. We have invited a few external key note speakers to
elaborate their company's transformation. This kind of experience change has
proved to be beneficial for both parties. Also Nokia's experiences have been
valuable input in certain restructuring processes.

This program, called Panorama, is an annual top executive development
program, which takes about half a year in three modules. In every year we
have nominated 35 participants to this intensive action. The program target
is three folded, give input to company's strategy development, strengthen
and integrate common understanding of company's direction, and develop
leadership capacity. The program owner is Jorma Ollila, CEO of Nokia.

What are benefits from Enron's point of view in the case we are able to get
someone of Enron's executives in the program? I think that one of the most
important outcome of this kind of events is  to open a dynamic networking
and discussion forum between our executives. Both parties could capitalize
this cooperation.

In short, we would appreciate very much if we could have your company's
presentation in this Panorama forum.

Looking forward to hearing from you,

Yours sincerely,

Juhani Hokkanen,
Senior Vice President, Human Resources Development
Nokia Group

Tel. (858)831-4877
Mobile (972) 467-1453

