

Bill -

If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me 
like something needs to be changed.  The difficulty lies in the fact that the 
confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty.  
Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the 
power to contract in their own names.  If the correct legal name is not in 
Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on 
it seriously compromising the contract itself.  That is the source of Tana's 
concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system.  

My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer 
has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is 
that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer 
until they are correctly completed.

In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to 
transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application 
they are understandably upset and are now complaining.  I would appreciate it 
if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with 
changing the GCP procedure, please let me know.

Mark

----- Forwarded by Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT on 04/16/2001 03:15 PM -----

	Tana Jones
	04/16/2001 03:11 PM
		 
		 		 		 CP/ID 94330, Cargill Ferrous International


----- Forwarded by Tana Jones/HOU/ECT on 04/16/2001 03:11 PM -----

	Samuel Schott
	03/28/2001 01:09 PM
		 

		 CP/ID 94330, Cargill Ferrous International

FYI...

Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty 
System as a Division of Cargill, Inc.
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and setup as 
such in GCP with a Sub-to-Legal Link
to Cargill, Inc. per GCP procedure.

Also, the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) would need Legal Name Change 
documentation from the Counterparty
in order to change this name.

Best Rgds.

Samuel x3-9890 (GCP)
Enron Net Works _ Global Data Management



Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name?

---------------------- Forwarded by Samuel Schott/HOU/ECT on 03/28/2001 12:53 
PM ---------------------------
   
	
	
		



Hello,

Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent 
and child for our downstream systems.
GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that reflect either the 
Tradename / Division name or Parent Name  - - not both simultaneously.
(Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.) This defeats the 
purpose of using a Tradename.

Best Rgds.

Samuel


   


     03/23/2001 10:21 AM	
	
	
	                           
	



Tana,
 
Please review the process below:

With divisions,  EOL does request a new Password Application for the 
applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.  When the company is set up 
in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP 
ID.  Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to 
establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.

Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.  

Thanks,
Stephanie    



Sam & Stephanie,

Re:  Cargill Ferrous International

It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the 
legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Stephanie, I my preference is 
to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read 
something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc."  
or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".



	Samuel Schott
	03/21/2001 01:58 PM
		
















		 		 
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.

Attn. GCP_London:
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please respond.

 

Best Rgds.

Samuel x3-9890
ENW_GCP



















Please see attached.















