

I say go ahead with the call to work through any nits etc.  We will need a 
follow up call anyway, once we know what to do to meet the accting 
objectives.  This means you won't be available at 200 to talk with the accts, 
but that's ok.  

Finalizing the extension sounds good to me.

Kay








Do you want me to postpone the call (I expect they are flexible)?.  Do you
want me to listen in on the meeting with the accountants?

Do you want me to communicate with Marguerite to get the extension in shape
for signing?




Cc: Reuter, Marisa



Ben is ok with the extension.

Ben and I have a meeting with the accountants at 200 (just got scheduled -
got to take the apptment when we can).  I'm happy for you guys to go
forward with the call. Ben and I will join later if we finish in time.

Kay







cc:


I've talked to Marguerite.  She agreed to a call tomorrow at 2 PM central.
She is sending to you and me a draft of an extension.  No need to do
anything with it tonight, but I suspect that Mike will begin calling Ben
about it in the morning.




Hi there,

I am meeting with Ben tomorrow to discuss NWestern.  I'm fairly confident
that he will be willing to extend the letter agreement, but he hasn't
called me back today to confirm.

Ms. Kahn and I have exchanged voice mail.  Could one of you return her call
for me?  I'm tied up.  You might get an idea on some times tomorrow for a
call.  I'm booked until around 130 for anything which would last more than
a few minutes.  I'll check with Ben.

Thank you,

Kay




                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not
the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete
all copies of the message.










                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended 
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This 
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or 
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the 
named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or 
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this 
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete 
all copies of the message.




