

Did Kent review the changes to (h) of the consent agreement (re jurisdiction)?

Kay









This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged. If you 
have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.  Please notify us 
immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your system.  
Please do not copy it or use it for any purposes, or disclose its contents to 
any other person:  to do so could be a breach of confidence.  Thank you for 
your co-operation.  Please contact our

if you need assistance.






Please see below which gives "sign off" from Kent Shoemaker on all the last
drafts of all the documents.  Kent has not, of course seen the final drafts
circulated last night but I do not believe that the changes do anything
other than conform to the credit documentation.  I apologise for sending
duplicate forms last night. I will resend all final versions shortly.
Thanks




Documents look okay.

I'm confirming two things:  (1) wiring instructions, and (2) that Dan Rowley
has authority to opinion on GE (I had assumed this but thought I better
check - he's out of office until this evening).

I'll let you know both answers soon.

Kent


(E-mail)
Cc: Gregory F. Lang (E-mail); Rick Vicens (E-mail); John Tisdale
(E-mail); Jack Wallace (E-mail); John Anderson (E-mail); BURKE, Ted
(TDB); O'BRIEN, Lisa; VAN DUSEN, Nicholas


This e-mail is confidential and may well also be legally privileged. If you
have received it in error, you are on notice of its status.  Please notify
us immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message from your
system.  Please do not copy it or use it for any purposes, or disclose its
contents to any other person:  to do so could be a breach of confidence.
Thank you for your co-operation.  Please contact our

if you need assistance.






In anticipation of our closing on the morning of Wednesday 25th April,
please find attached the following:

(a) a clean and blacklined copy of the GE Consent (reflecting changes to the
credit documentation and reflecting the acceleration of the Turbine Progress
Payment Schedule);
(b) a clean and blacklined copy of the GE legal opinion (reflecting changes
to the credit documentation); and
(c) a clean and blacklined copy of the GE letter agreement (reflecting
changes to the credit documentation).

A form of receipt of funds will follow.

Please contact me with any questions on 212 277 4025.

Regards
Isabel




