

fyi
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 04/27/2001 02:53 
PM ---------------------------




 

FYI
----- Forwarded by Barbara N Gray/HOU/ECT on 04/26/2001 11:38 AM -----





Dave, since you and I discussed the Pompano Beach Project last week and the 
history of the "rejected $10,000 Contribution to a city literacy group" and 
the unfavourable Enron publicity which resulted, I thought you might be 
interested in  the memo from Eric below and a brief "heads-up" on the current 
state of affairs on this project.  The requirement that the Developer  
provide a Fire Truck and  certain of the other costs we discussed in our 
meeting have in the current draft been depicted as "fire protection services" 
and other "services in connection with the development of the project " to 
satisfy accounting concerns as well as to be less inflammatory . 
Nevertheless, as you can see from the forwarded memo, there is a "leak" to 
the press and I predict more negative publicity to come as the result of the 
requests of the city, theNot in My Backyard feelings of the community, the 
previous negative publicity, and the backlash of the controversy resulting 
from Bush's election and accompanying local perception of Bush and Enron 
being one and the same evil.

As you know Ben is in Florida today meeting with city officials and 
discussing  the new proposed development agreement. Ann Elizabeth can provide 
a copy of the latest draft proposal which has been blessed by accounting and 
the Turbo-park gurus. Nothing will be signed without a legal opinion of local 
counsel as to the legality of the proposed agreement when viewed in light of 
the previous discussions with the city, including the terms contained in the 
previous drafts  discussed between Steve Krimsky and city officials.


Sincerely

Barbara
----- Forwarded by Barbara N Gray/HOU/ECT on 04/19/2001 11:09 AM -----


	Ann Elizabeth White 04/19/2001 10:51 AM 	   Developer's Agreement and Payment in Lieu of Taxes


FYI.
---------------------- Forwarded by Ann Elizabeth White/HOU/ECT on 04/19/2001 
10:51 AM ---------------------------



04/19/2001 10:20 AM




I spoke to Tia O'Neill of the Pompano Pelican.  She received the same 
information (as the Sun Sentinel received) from some nameless person 
regarding the payment in lieu of taxes issue and some sort of statement that 
this was a roundabout way for Enron to bribe our way to victory.  I explained 
to her as I had the Sun Sentinel all of the issues surrounding this topic.  
However, she went further with questions regarding possible amounts of $1 
million (for property taxes) or even $2 million to cover "some sort of sales 
tax."

It is quite evident someone close to the discussions is feeding the media.  
Any thoughts?

I am unable to gather any more information from David Fleshler (Sun 
Sentinel).  Interestingly though, the Sun Sentinel has not run the article on 
this issue.  My guess is they have realized that there is no story here.

Eric




