

Nice job.  You take a self-promotion course over the weekend?



	Susan J Mara
	04/24/2001 10:33 AM
		 



		 		 
I proposed the FERC filing, helped draft it, proposed the press release and 
helped shape it.

Sue Mara
Enron Corp.
Tel: (415) 782-7802
Fax:(415) 782-7854
----- Forwarded by Susan J Mara/NA/Enron on 04/24/2001 08:30 AM -----


	04/23/2001 08:23 PM
	Please respond to foothill
		 
		 		 		 
PRESS RELEASE 
Menlo Park, CA 
April 23, 2001 
TRADE GROUP BLASTS ISO PLAN TO STABILIZE MARKETS 
The Western Power Trading Forum (WPTF), last week sent federal regulators a 
stern warning that the California Independent System Operator's (CAISO) plan 
to "stabilize" the California market will cause more blackouts in the West, 
chase away much-needed new generation, and jack up wholesale power costs. 
WPTF warned the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) that the CAISO 
proposal will have an extremely detrimental impact on power markets in 
California as well as other electricity markets throughout the Western 
Region.  "Their plan imposes price caps and curtailment of power exports," 
said Gary Ackerman, executive director of the group.  If approved, the CAISO 
plan, called the Market Stabilization Plan, will create disincentives for the 
development of additional generation capacity, precisely the wrong signal 
that needs to be sent at this time.  As a result, in addition to leading to 
higher costs, the Plan will impair reliability in California and throughout 
the West.  WPTF found that the CAISO's proposal to curtail exports is 
particularly troublesome and potentially interferes with interstate commerce 
in violation of the Federal Power Act ("FPA"). 
"This plan is yet another attempt to heap more rules on an already overruled 
market.  This is the kind of misguided thinking that got California into its 
current mess.  Their plan is too complex, academic, and does absolutely 
nothing to address the real issues of low supply and high demand. 
Consequently, the plan will have exactly the opposite effect," Ackerman 
commented. 
The WPTF supports the FERC's pro-competitive policies under Order No. 2000 
for regional approaches to interstate electricity markets. 
The membership of WPTF includes power marketers, scheduling coordinators, 
power exchanges, generators and other active participants in the restructured 
California electric market.  The members share a common mission of enhancing 
competition in electric markets. WPTF actions are focused on supporting the 
development of competitive electricity markets throughout the region and 
developing uniform operating rules to facilitate transactions among market 
participants. 
 

