

----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 04/11/2001 07:15 AM -----


	04/10/2001 02:03 PM
		 
		 		 		 on EECC on April 10

I will copy the writ to each of you immediately.

Mr. Sanders, as you now have the privilege of handling our litigation, I am 
looking for your recommendation on how to staff this from a litigation point 
of view will someone in your group or the Corp litigation unit do the 
courtroom work?

FYI, Bob Vote helped us on the prior garnishment on EECC filed by Dennis 
Delewski against CIGSA, did a fine job, and knows the players, and I would be 
glad to have his help again. Please us know what you would like to do. 

Randy Pais will work it from within EEOS legal. 

I have not yet notified Jim Derrick, thinking that either you or Mark might 
want to. I am quite happy to call him if you like.

JWVS
----- Forwarded by John Schwartzenburg/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 04/10/2001 01:54 
PM -----

	John Schwartzenburg
	04/10/2001 01:53 PM
		 




























		 on EECC on April 10

EECC has just been served with a writ of garnishment from the 333rd Judicial 
District Court of Harris County  in connection with a judgment against 
certain CIGSA entities. In the writ, the court very unambiguously and very 
plainly commands that EECC is not to pay any debt or deliver any property to 
CIGSA pending further orders from  the court. The writ was issued to enforce 
an judgment  for $1.3 million awarded by the court against CIGSA in favor of 
Richard P Estrada. EECC is also commanded to appear before the court and list 
all funds/assets in our possession that might belong to CIGSA,  and to 
disclose what other persons we know ofif any, that might have such funds or 
assets.  The lawyer for Mr. Estrada is the same lawyer who successfully 
garnished EECC in the past to collect sums owed other CIGSA judgment 
creditors. 

Please take this prohibition as applying even to cases where CIGSA might be 
entitled to the money or the property under our contracts with them, or where 
the funds or property are in joint venture acounts or custody in the US or 
Mexico until we have had a chance to review matters in detail and make a more 
accurate assessment. In the meantime, effective immediately, do not make ANY 
payments to or on behalf of, or release ANY property to or on behalf of, any 
CIGSA entity without first obtaining legal department approval. The court may 
impose penalties for violations  of its garnishment order.

We will assemble an appropriate litigation team to work onthis matter. Randy 
Pais will be handling this for EEOS legal. I suggest that Mike Pearson and 
Mark Brand get the word out to the Project Management and Project Control 
teams on  this matter ASAP.

 

JWVS
