

Shirley,

Please find attached the excel file for the Financial desk.



Thanks,

Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274







David and Errol -
Please provide the information that was requested and distributed to you 
(below) on April 4.  This information is needed to establish the TRV (Trader 
Report Viewer) security setup.  In order to meet scheduled TRV development, 
test, and implementation dates please provide your region's information to me 
by 2:00pm tomorrow, Thursday, April 19.  

Thank you for your immediate response.  Please let me know if you have any 
questions or need additional information.  

Shirley 

 
Cc: Stock, Stephen; Wei, Zhiyong; McKinney, Hal; Gossett, Jeffrey; Keiser, 
Kam; Love, Phillip

Darron, David and Errol -
Please provide the information that was requested on April 4 (below).  We 
need this information ASAP in order to plan the TRV security setup.  Thank 
you for your prompt attention.
Shirley  

 
Cc: Stock, Stephen; Gossett, Jeffrey; Love, Phillip; McKinney, Hal; Wei, 
Zhiyong

Kam, Darron, David and Errol - 
I have not yet received the TRV user information requested below.  Please 
follow up as soon as possible and let me know if you have any questions or 
need additional information.   Thank you for your help!
Shirley   

 
David; McLaughlin, Errol
Cc: Stock, Stephen

Greetings All!

Attached is an Excel spreadsheet with TRV (Trader Report Viewer) information 
that you previously furnished for your region.  Please update the spreadsheet 
with the following information and return to me by EOD tomorrow, April 5th,  
if possible:
 
 - Region column - Each Region is listed 
 - Report Name within Region column - List the Report Name of each report for 
your region
 - User First Name and User Last Name columns -  Verify names and make any 
changes
 - User ID column - Provide individual User ID
 - Email Address - Provide individual email address for the user
 - View Rights - Verify View Rights that have been entered and make any 
changes
 - Publish Rights - Verify Publishing Rights that allow users to publish 
reports from Excel 
 - Administrator - Region Lead will have Administrator rights to add new 
names or reports

Please let me know if you have any questions or need additional information.  
Thank you all once again and I appreciate your help and support! 

Shirley McDowell 
IT Project Manager / TRV Project

 << File: TRV Report & User List.xls >>  

