

Jennifer:

Please be sure to connect Tom and Nancy, since I had a discussion with her 
about CA gas and had this stuff sent to her.

Best,
Jeff
----- Forwarded by Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron on 05/30/2001 04:11 PM -----


	05/29/2001 01:33 PM
		 
		 		 		 ss Rights


Jeff Dasovich asked me to forward this information to you about the
Comprehensive Settlement Agreement submitted in California.  If you want the
actual text of the settlement I can forward that as well.  Please let me
know what works best for you.  Thanks, Mike Day

ss Rights




ss Rights


Jeff, here is the final version of the term sheet that Brian sent around.

Mike





































































Cc: Morrow, Rick - TP3RMM; Sullivan, Glen J.; Follett, B. David - TPDBF;
Wright, Gillian - TP1GXW; Harrigan, James P. - TP1JPH; Van Lierop, Jan -
TP2JXV; Brill, Thomas R.; Sakarias, Wayne P.; Purves, Ralph A.; Nilarp,
Margarita - TP3MXM; Angeles, Zenee G. - TPZGA; Watson, Steven - TP2SAW;
Betonte, Robert - TP2RSB; Reed, William; Brill, Thomas R.; Schavrien, Lee
ss Rights



My apologies to those of you who received the March 20 version.  Here is the
final version mentioned in the note below.




Attached for you review and support is the final Capacity Issues Settlement
in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Proceeding.  In addition, we
have included a revised version of Appendix A, the primary and secondary
receipt point access rights statement.

The attached documents are the result of countless hours of negotiation on
behalf of the parties supporting this document.  I would like to
congratulate all of the active parties for their patience and flexibility
throughout this process.  Because we are under an April 3 filing deadline,
we need to finalize support for this proposal no later than COB Friday,
March 31.  Please forward your support of this proposal to Lad Lorenz (213
244-3820) or Brian Cherry (213 244-3895) as soon as possible.

We are also finalizing the Retail Issues Settlement with those parties
interested in this matter and expect to circulate a formal document tomorrow
morning.  I ask for your continuing patience.

Once again, I would like to thank everyone for the Herculean efforts they
have made to make this settlement possible.





 - GIRcounter0330final.doc
 - Primary Rights 3-30 4PM final.doc