

How much time did you say you will have????  If you can get through  a tenth 
of that in 5 minutes, you are much quicker than I!  Also, in an amazing 
coincidence, your outline looks very similar to MKM's speech for the Canuck 
gas conference next week.  Good job on both!  DF 




Shelley Corman
02/02/2000 09:27 AM









Lorraine Cross has invited me to participate in an "outreach meeting" with 
Dan Larcamp and his team on February 10.  Also participating in the outreach 
meeting will be Williams (Judy Neason/Scott Turkington); El Paso (Peggy Heeg) 
and Coastal (Dan Collins).    

The meeting comes at Larcamp's request and is part of a series of outreach 
meetings that OMTR is having with other industry groups including producers, 
gas and electric utilities and marketers.

The purpose of the meeting is not to discuss positions in the current gas 
NOPR (as OMTR is assuming that the 
Commission will take action on the gas NOPR in February).  The purpose of the 
meeting is discuss how markets are changing and talk about upcoming 
regulatory issues.

There will be no formal presentations or slides.  Lorraine will give a 5 
minute overview on INGAA's themes on regulatory policy (these theme's are per 
the Board of Directors' Task Force on FERC Policy):

Competition 
Re-contracting challenges
Rate discounting

Each of the four participating companies will have 5 minutes to relate their 
pipeline experiences to these themes.  I would propose to focus my remarks on 
topic of the continuous contracting state of the pipeline capacity market.  
The point is to tell Larcamp that we are not looking for a regulatory answer 
to this short-term, continuous contracting environment.  What we are seeking 
is the rate and service flexibility we need to meet these challenges.  
Examples will be the new services flexibility that we continue to seek on TW 
(Enhanced Firm Backhaul, Limited Firm).  And, the pricing changes we seek on 
NNG, including seasonal rates.  Again, I don't plan to have any formal 
slides, but here is the outline of the message.  I would also propose to add 
some specific examples/data on capacity release, recent auction experiences 
and re-contracting statistics.



FYI: 

El Paso plans to talk about the role that negotiated rate transactions will 
increasingly play in the market place, citing their experiences in placing El 
Paso capacity and their negotiated rate contract extensions on Tenn/E. Tenn.

Williams tentatively plans to talk about additional flexibility on offshore 
pipelines, about the need for more self-implementing flexibility, and the 
impacts of regulatory delay.


Please let me know by Monday, February 7 is you have any concerns about the 
general direction of my remarks or about any other issues that you would have 
me bring up with Larcamp and team.


  


