
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-X-X-X-bX-Folder: \ExMerge - Maggi, Mike\Sent Items
X-Origin: MAGGI-M
X-FileName: michael maggi 6-25-02.PST

you too

 

poor you.  bye.  have a good night.

 

not really we are moving again and its kind of a nightmare, i am taking off i will talk to you tomorrow

 

well i am running it over here.  see you could have had me over there, but oh well.  ha ha for you!!!!  are you cranky?

 

great

 

you know that joey is running your book don't you?

 

what do you mean

 

k.  guess who's book i get to start running....yours and mr. smiley zipper face!!  :)

 

i just got out of a meeting, i wont stand you up, around 11:30

 

i would feel privledged to go to lunch with you tomorrow sir.  that is if you aren't going to stand me up!

 

i dont know i have been away three of the last four weekends, why dont we go out for lunch tomorrow

 

um excuse me sir, but i think that you stood me up twice and you never call me back.  so i just decided to stop being part of your enterage.  wade and i are trying to work through things, but i guess that we are getting along a little better.  we have one more hole in our wall and i haven't broken any phones lately so i guess that is a good sign.  we still have a long way to go.  so why haven't i heard from you little one?

 

i do but i havent heard from you either, how are things with wade

 

nope.  i am in the old building on the 32nd floor.  i think that is where we all used to be.  it is depressing over here.  and we are actually having to work.  i miss being over there.  so, why don't you talk to me anymore?  

 

i cant figure that out yet, are you still on the 5th floor

 

not much.  just over here working on the estate, which is so much fun!  how about you?  do you think that you are going to like ubs?

 

we are so so, what have you been up to, i was in the cafeteria,

 

were you in the cafeteria earlier?  i thought that i saw you, but it was from far away.  how are you and sarah doing?