

Well, I'm glad I get to edit!  Not really.

Mark approved it this am.  Hopefully, good publicity which will make Mark 
glad he approved it.  They usually take pictures to go with the article, so I 
have to see if I need a new, clean, white shirt.  Gotta look good! Makeup and 
everything.  Wonder how I lose 15 lbs by Thursday?

Kay








Way cool! I hope you get it ok'ed. So what do you think about having your
thoughts published for all to read? NM




FYI.
---------------------- Forwarded by Kay Mann/Corp/Enron on 03/13/2001 08:29
AM ---------------------------







Dear Kay,

Confirming our discussion, The Texas Lawyer has asked King & Spalding to
organize a Roundtable Discussion of lawyers and business people to discuss
how the two professions relate to each other in the context of complex
business transactions.

The Roundtable would take place privately in a conference room in our
offices with a court reporter recording the discussion, which would then be
published in an upcoming issue of the newspaper. Participants will have the
opportunity to edit their remarks before they are published. John Cogan
will
be co-chairman of the proceedings with our partner, Chris LaFollette.  I
unfortunately cannot attend as I will be out of town.

The Discussion will take place on Thursday, March 15, from 2 to 3:30. We
will hold a planning session over lunch in one of our conference rooms from
12:30 to 2. No other preparation would be required.

You would be a terrific representative from Enron to join us and provide
Enron's perspective. Please confirm your attendance as soon as you get the
internal approvals by calling John Cogan at 713.276.7371 or by e-mail at


Best regards,
John




                    Confidentiality Notice
This message is being sent by or on behalf of a lawyer.  It is intended
exclusively for the individual or entity to which it is addressed.  This
communication may contain information that is proprietary, privileged or
confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure.  If you are not
the named addressee, you are not authorized to read, print, retain, copy or
disseminate this message or any part of it.  If you have received this
message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete
all copies of the message.







