

Good deal.  If there's anything else, just give a holler.

Best,
Jeff




	03/20/2001 04:31 PM
		 

		 
I talked with Hedy (sp?) Govenar this afternoon.  Two developments:  1.)  
"Noise" from Ms. Alpert's office has stopped.  We believe initial reports 
from Staff may have been overstated.  2.)  Decisions on Enron's proposed 
amendments are due today.  Timing wouldn't not be right for a discussion with 
me.

Action:  Hedy is aware of the situation and has asked Staff to tell her of 
any more occurrences.  Hedy has my number and will be in touch with any 
reports, at which time we will take action.  For now, we will let the "dog" 
sleep and lie.
---------------------- Forwarded by Eric Letke/DUB/EES on 03/20/2001 04:20 PM 
---------------------------

	Enron Energy Services
	
		Phone No: 713 853-7797 Phone
  888-953-9478 SkyTel Pager
  EB 889
	





Jeff and Eric,
I have NO problem trying to get letters for support of Direct Access.  Eric, 
if we can get those to support Jeff and Sandi, this is wonderful.  

Also, I had asked Eric to check with Alpert's office to register our follow 
on phone number and offer to try to correct the aggravated customers.  Eric, 
if you can provide a status on all of these as you make progress, that's 
appreciated.
---------------------- Forwarded by Marty Sunde/HOU/EES on 03/20/2001 09:13 
AM ---------------------------



Marty:  Thanks for the information.

Getting Eric's contact information to Alpert's office is in motion.  
Regarding attempt to follow-up with those who called Alpert's office to 
complain, I wasn't clear on that action.  Likely makes sense for Eric to 
coordinate with Sandi to make the contact with Alpert's office.  
Letters are an attempt to influence Alpert to 1) fix the Direct Access 
prohibition and 2) ensure that DA customers don't get saddled with the DWR 
costs.

Let me know if this approach works.

Best,
Jeff




	03/19/2001 07:02 PM
		

		 
All I asked Eric to do was:
ensure that there was an Enron contact if another complaint came in.
find out from Alpert's office if we could call back a few of those who called 
to complain to find out what they perceived, correct the misperception, 
apologize.  










Thanks, Scott. 

Scott/Hedy/Sandi/Bev:  Erik Letke heads up the retail marketing effort 
underway in San Diego.  Marty Sunde wants Alpert to have an EES commercial 
contact that she can talk to in the event she has further questions, etc., 
He'd like Erki to be the contact person.  Erik could you copy your vitals 
(title, contact info) to Scott and Hedy Govenar and Sandi McCubbin so they 
can forward along to Alpert?

Erik, seems that it would be useful if the customer letters to Alpert could 
make the following points (folks please weigh in and add/subtract/modify if 
needed):

The customer's glad to have had the option to take Direct Access service from 
Enron because having the opportunity to take advantage of the offer has made 
the customer better off.
Direct Access is an extremely important option that customers need, want and 
should have going forward.
Any "solution" that the Legislature comes up with must therefore include the 
continuation of Direct Access for all customers.
As such, the Legislature should immediately fix AB 1X to make sure that 
Direct Access remains a permanent fixture of California's energy strategy.
Direct Access customers should not be forced to pay for DWR's power purchase 
costs, since Direct Access customers aren't benefitting from those purchases.

Best,
Jeff






	03/19/2001 04:01 PM
		 
		 		 		 
As discussed, customers should send letters to Dede as follows:

The Honrable Dede Alpert
California State Senate
State Capitol, Room 5050
Sacramento, CA 95814

Interested companies should copy:  "Honorable Members of the California
State Legislature" and fax or mail me a copy for further distribution.
My fax is (916) 448-0816 and my address is 1127 11th Street, Suite #400,
Sacramento, CA 95814.

Scott











