

PUC considers rewarding producers that sign long-term contracts 
Greg Lucas, Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau
Wednesday, March 21, 2001 
,2001 San Francisco Chronicle 
URL: 
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/21/M
N33580.DTL 
Sacramento -- Some cash-strapped producers of wind, solar and other 
alternative forms of energy will get long-delayed financial relief under a 
proposed order by state regulators, Gov. Gray Davis said yesterday evening. 
A proposed order by the Public Utilities Commission is designed to reward 
energy producers who sign long-term contracts with utilities at lower rates. 
Alternative energy producers that voluntarily enter such contracts, which 
would start on April 1, would be paid within 15 days, said Davis, who 
requested the order. Those that do not would have to wait until the utilities 
that buy their power return to solvency. 
Davis blasted Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern California Edison for 
not paying the alternative generators -- know as qualified facilities, or 
"QFs" -- even though the companies have been collecting money through rates. 
"It is wrong and irresponsible of the utilities to pocket and withhold the 
money designed to compensate the QFs," Davis said. "It's immoral and has to 
stop." 
Alternative producers -- ranging from massive co-generation facilities at oil 
refineries to tiny biomass plants -- produce about a third of the state's 
supply of electricity. But many are shutting down because utilities have not 
paid them since November. 
The loss of some 3,000 megawatts from tapped-out alternative energy producers 
contributed to the blackouts that snarled California yesterday and Monday, 
according to the Independent System Operator, which manages the state's power 
grid. 
The PUC's proposed order -- which will be considered at the board's Tuesday 
meeting -- offers the generators a choice of agreeing to a five-year contract 
at $79 per megawatt or a 10-year deal at $69 per megawatt, Davis said. 
The order does not address the more than $1 billion already owed to the more 
than 600 alternative energy producers around the state. Davis said to favor 
one creditor over another in past debt could bring on bankruptcy proceedings 
from other creditors. 
The Legislature would also need to act to make the order work. 
"It is critical to keep these facilities up and online," said Sen. Debra 
Bowen, D-Marina del Ray, who estimates that Edison has $1.5 billion in cash 
on hand, and PG&E $2.5 billion. "The utilities owe it to the people of the 
state to pay them." 
Edison said yesterday that it opposed any attempt to place alternative 
producers ahead of their other creditors. 
But Tom Higgins, a senior vice president for Edison International, which owes 
alternative producers some $835 million, said his company was talking to the 
governor's office about possible payment structures. 
Alternative energy producers, particularly those that use high-priced natural 
gas to fire their generators, say that without an immediate infusion of cash 
they must close their plants. 
"We've been obsessed with the health of the utilities and (have) forgotten 
the health of everyone else," said V. John White, legislative director of the 
Clean Power Campaign, which lobbies for alternative energy producers. 
CalEnergy Operating Corp., which operates eight geothermal plants in the 
Imperial Valley producing 268 megawatt hours for Edison has sued the utility 
asking to be paid and to be temporarily released from their contract with 
Edison which has paid them nothing since November. 
CalEnergy has a court hearing tomorrow on its Edison contract. Edison owes 
the company $75 million, and the debt increases by $1 million a day. 
"We've lived up to our end of the bargain but Edison hasn't. We're now not in 
a position to make a property tax payment on April 10 and we're the largest 
employer in the county," said Vince Signorotti, CalEnergy's property manager. 
Unlike Edison, PG&E is paying its creditors 15 cents on the dollar. 
"We have offered over the past five days to prepay for future power not yet 
delivered to keep as many of them operating as possible, but the state needs 
to decide how its going to divvy up the limited money under the frozen 
rates," said John Nelson, a PG&E spokesman. 
The PUC's sudden attempt to recast the rates paid to alternative generators 
comes after several months of inaction, partly a result of waiting for 
legislative negotiations on the issue to conclude. Those negotiations 
eventually failed to move forward. 


,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page?A - 10 