

I would like for Colin and David to create security that gives access to the 
site for certain users only.  There are too many people logging in that we do 
not know.  We need to begin creating this list.  

All Central, Texas, East, West, NYMEX desk and Chicago office traders 
(Richard Tomaski will provide the Chicago office names)
Power traders
Fundamentals Gas, Power, EIM
Fred's group
Lavo, Whalley, Kitchen, Frevert,

If you can think of any more let me know.  Can we implement the security this 
week?


---------------------- Forwarded by Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT on 03/05/2001 
12:47 PM ---------------------------


The "banned" users should now be unable to view the site in development or 
production.

Dave

 
Cc: Tonks, Colin; Ghashghai, Dave; Hardy, Chrysti; Johnson, Glynn; Ray, 
Edward; Spann, Christopher; Tiner, Brent

Ok, Done.

Just an FYI for WebOps:  gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com and 
gasfundy.corp.enron.com have a special group named 
"Corp\Web_GasfundyBanned".  This group is added at the wwwroot level and deny 
all is selected.  This will allow David and his group to deny access to the 
gasfundy site to a small group of users.

Thank you,

 
Cc: Tonks, Colin

I confirmed that this does work, could we please remove Colin from that 
group, and put the same restriction on the production server?

Thanks,

David Dronet

 
Cc: Dronet, David

You will have to close your browser and maybe even log out of your machine 
before the change will take place.

 
Cc: Dronet, David

I just tried and I can access both prod and dev.

Colin

 
Cc: Tonks, Colin

Colin has is now a part of the group.  Please test and let me know when to go 
forward.

Chris

 
Cc: Tonks, Colin

Could we add colin tonks to that group for testing purposes?

Thanks

 

Ok, it is done on the dev site, please verify that the site is running as 
intended, and once I receive word of this, I will do the same on production.

 

Chris,

 I was just wondering if we had proceeded with this.

Thanks,

David Dronet

 


Actually, I mean the root web, everything but the virtual directories.



Ok, could we create a group called GasFundy_banned or something, and put 
these users in it?  They
would be denied access to the root of http://gasfundy.corp.enron.com and 
http://gasfundy.dev.corp.enron.com

Greg McClendon
Carey Metz
James McKay
Lauri Allen
Ed Gottlob
Gary Lamphier
Danny Conner
Gary Hanks


 

No, but you could give us a list and we could create a group for them.  Will 
they be denied access to the entire site, or just some portions?

 

Hmm,  I've got a unique situation where there are a group of ex-gas traders 
they need to block from our gas site.  I don't know of a common group
they belong to but could we not implicitly deny them on an individual basis?

Thanks,

Dave

 
Cc: Ghashghai, Dave; Hardy, Chrysti; Johnson, Glynn; Ray, Edward; Spann, 
Christopher; Tiner, Brent

Not easily.  We could explicitly deny access to certain groups, but many 
times this results in unintended users being restricted because of unexpected 
group memberships.  Deny will always overrule allow, but it can cause quite a 
few problems over time.

Christopher Spann, MCSE
Sr Specialist, Web Operations
Enron Net Works
713.345.4986


 

Is it possible to deny certain users access to a site even if Everyone is the 
blanket access for that site?

Thanks,

David Dronet



