

I am free for lunch on 12/4.  I'll see if Frazier's available.
Why don't we choose a venue somewhere between Duke and downtown.   








Sounds like an excellent idea.  Does lunch on Monday, December 4th work for
your schedules?  If not, let's hear a counter-offer.







Susan,

I go this email as well.  Unfortunately, I've been busy as well and didn't
really look at it.  As for future matters, what will be our involvement for
EBA-Houston events?  Would the two of you like to get together for lunch
sometime, maybe with Frazier and the other current EBA officers so we can
understand our roles/duties/functions a little better (hey, aren't we both
pretty big clients of a certain Houston law firm? -- hint, hint, Charles  :
)

- Dat
713-260-7105









                    nron.com             


                    11/21/2000           cc:

                    01:13 PM             International Conference







Does anyone know this person or his organization?  Is this something our
membership might be interested in?  Frankly I have been too busy to think
about this -- if you have any comments let's talk.

Susan Scott
713-853-0596
---------------------- Forwarded by Susan Scott/ET&S/Enron on 11/21/2000
01:08 PM ---------------------------




cc:





About three weeks ago, I inquired about EBA's  interest in organizing a
concurrent session at the upcoming IAEE (International  Association for
Energy Economics) conference in Houston (April  2001).

Since I did not hear back from you, I assume that  EBA was not interested.
It would help us a lot in our future planning  if you could perhaps help me
with your reasoning.  Did we approach you  too late (given the Dec 4
deadline)?   We required all participants to pay registration fees, was
that an issue?   We couldn't guarantee you a slot even if you proposed a
session, was that an  issue?

Thanks in advance for your response.


S. Gurcan Gulen, Ph.D.
Research  Associate
Energy Institute
Bauer College of Business
University of  Houston
Houston, TX 77204-6283
713-743-4696 (p)
713-743-4881 (f)
www.uh.edu/energyinstitute







          ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.  This
email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization
named above.  If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized
representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any,
or the information contained herein is prohibited.  If you have received
this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email
and delete this email from your system.  Thank You

