

I can send you people.

Jay Webb and Jenny Rub can do the rest. 




Who would u like me to coordinate with to get this for ubs?
--------------------------
Jeff Golden






Jeff:
Below is the due diligence request list for IT matters from Matt Meinel. You may want to direct any questions directly
to Matt.
Rgds
James 


To verify this document we basically need the following info from Enron:

Comprehensive  list of staff that are still employed from Enron Online  
LLC (Jay's group), Enron Networks LLC (Beth's and Jenny's group) and 
Vince Kaminski's groups.

Comprehensive  inventory of servers, workstations, and other equipment 
in Houston and other North American gas and power locations

Copies of the front to back detail process flows for the Gas and Power 
businesses done in April by IT Compliance department

Comprehensive  proprietary software lists for enron online, gas and 
power trading FTB, development and testing tools to support 
aforementioned applications

List of software, hardware and market data vendors and third party 
packages and supporting contracts

Network maps

Current list of access rights by person to each of the systems listed 
in the FTB Gas and Power trading 

Inventory of servers including break down of partitions on multi 
partition machines

Inventory of databases

Floor plans of new trading floor, computer room and adjacent space that 
could be physically secured.


Matt Meinel
386 753 1498
386 216 3224 (mobile)

Visit our website at http://www.ubswarburg.com

This message contains confidential information and is intended only 
for the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you 
should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please 
notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this 
e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system.

E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free 
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, 
arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.  The sender therefore 
does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents 
of this message which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.  If 
verification is required please request a hard-copy version.  This 
message is provided for informational purposes and should not be 
construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or 
related financial instruments.