

Does this fit our understanding of the policies?  DF
---------------------- Forwarded by Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron on 09/05/2000 
01:21 PM ---------------------------


Dorothy McCoppin
09/05/2000 12:18 PM




	

On Conoco, I would think athat drafts of the settlement agreement -- to the 
extent there could be future disagreement over what was done/meant, etc. 
might be important.  Otherwise, with agreements that are terminated/expired, 
the retention policy is to retain them for 10 years (last time I saw a 
retention policy on contracts, that is; also, the reson behind the 10 years 
was that, although the gen'l stat. of limit. in Texas was 4 years, the stat. 
of limit, in Nebraska was, I think, 6 years, and then some additional time 
was thought to be appropriate).

For copies of contracts, no retention period is required, as I recall.  Since 
you had outside counsel, they will likely retain all the documents from the 
case itself.

--Dot



   
	
	
		




We are now addressing the distasteful task of sorting through the mountain of 
files accumulated during the Conoco litigation.  Kathy is taking the lead on 
reviewing our document retention policies and advising Britt and I of what 
she thinks we can destroy and what we need to keep.  In some instances, the 
appropriate approach is not entirely clear.  Have you folks run across any 
"document retention policy specialists" that she ought to talk to?  We have a 
fairly detailed policy applicable to "Interstate Law" (which I guess means 
GPG law--the policy document is fairly old) but I'm less clear on what 
authority or right Legal has to enforce the doc. retention policy as to other 
groups.  Rod Hayslett suggested during Conoco that it would be good if Legal 
followed up now and then and made sure that pack rats were following the 
policy.   His comment arose from a little situation in which we were served 
with requests for "3 year plans" and Rod was displeased  to learn that some 
folks had kept old plans from 10 years ago.  He (and I suspect all of us) 
would be happier if that didn't happen again.  Any thoughts?  Thanks. DF   



