

Lisa:  Sorry, but Joseph's gone on vacation for the week.  I think that the 
size of the group is going to require that we do this offsite.  We use the 
"Park Hyatt" in San Francisco.  Could you check with Paul and let him know 
that I think that we need to go offsite, given the size of the crowd, and if 
he agrees, could you go ahead and check into getting a room at the Park 
Hyatt?  As always, I'm greatly indebted.  If there are any problems, or if 
you have any questions, don't hesitate to give me a call.

Best,
Jeff




	11/16/2000 10:37 AM
		 



Shapiro/NA/Enron
		 Dernehl/NA/Enron, Paul Kaufman/PDX/ECT
		 MARK YOUR CALENDARS!!


	


Per Rick Shapiro, pllease be advised that the meeting referenced above has 
been changed as follows:

Time: 9:00am - 1:30pm Pacific
Where: San Francisco Office

At this time, Paul would prefer to keep this as an internal GA meeting with 
our outside lobbyists.  At this time we are not inviting the Enron Business 
units to attend, but please feel free to invite anyone else in the GA group 
you feel should attend.  

HOWEVER, if you invite someone else, please advise me so that we can ensure 
we have adequate space in San Francisco to accommodate everyone.  Thanks!

Melissa Cortez - please forward to Scott AND Hedy.  Also, I will forward 
directions to our offices to you under a separate e-mail.


Lysa Akin
503/464-7927

---------------------- Forwarded by Lysa Akin/PDX/ECT on 11/16/2000 08:35 AM 
---------------------------


Lysa Akin
11/14/2000 04:52 PM





Please be advised that I have scheduled the above referenced meeting as 
follows:

Time: 10:30am - 3:30pm Pacific
Where: San Francisco Office

Most of you "penciled in" this appointment when I spoke to you, please make 
plans to attend!!

At this time, Paul would prefer to keep this as an internal GA meeting with 
our outside lobbyists.  At this time we are not inviting the Enron Business 
units to attend, but please feel free to invite anyone else in the GA group 
you feel should attend.  HOWEVER, if you invite someone else, please advise 
me so that we can ensure we have adequate space in San Francisco to 
accommodate everyone.  Thanks!

Melissa Cortez - please forward to Scott AND Hedy.

Jim Steffes & Marcia Linton - I am aware that Jim is on vacation the week of 
the 27th.  In the event that he can participate via teleconference, I will 
forward a dial in number by the end of the week.

Lysa Akin
503/464-7927


