

So have you figured out how to use the portal from home?  I just discovered 
it yesterday (while at the office).

We went to Arlington for my nephew's high school graduation, which was fine.  
Sunday we had dinner with Dan Lyons and spouse, which was wonderful.  
Yesterday I cooked, shopped, and puttered in the yard.  Got the last caladium 
bulbs in the ground.   I like to wait until they are on sale.  The weekend 
just flew by.

"They" say sleeping on backs reducing risks of sudden infant death syndrome.  
Go figure.  At least you can see their beautiful faces while they sleep.

Car seats, strollers and diapers are 100x better now.  Especially the diapers.

Yesterday I had a feeling that your grandbaby is a boy.  Just came to me in 
the kitchen.  I have a 50/50 chance of being right!

When I was in Austin I used an "above the water" pedal kayak.  Talk about 
easy.  Neil is talking about us renting to see what we like best.  The above 
the water is more stable than I expected.  I had assumed that it would be 
tippy, but it really wasn't.  Hope you have high water and not hell next 
weekend.

ckm




25 years ago for me (Shayne is 25 today).  Time files.  She was babysitting 
yesterday and had to take the little girl (3 years old) to the emergency room 
because she stepped on some glass.  Apparently is was not a real big deal, 
but I think it was her first ordeal of the kind.

Re: sleeping on backs, I still don't understand that one.  I always thought 
they were to sleep on their stomachs to avoid choaking if they threw up.

Did you do anything fun this weekend?  We just puttered around the house and 
I worked on PRC's yesterday. Next weekend the kayaks are coming out come hell 
or high water!

K-

 

This stuff is so much better than it was 20 years ago.  It is amazing how 
things have changed.  

Did you know that they now tell you to have  babies sleep on their backs?  
That is totally different from when Paige was a baby.  It was hard to get 
used to.

Kay




That would be wonderful!  I was looking at those online this weekend.  I used 
play pens all of the time for my children.

Thanks very much.

 

I have a pretty cool portable play pen you can have if you want.




