

fyi

Cc: Rode, Tina; Watson, Denys; Schoppe, Tammie; Hillis, Kimberly; Pikofsky, Lynn; Collins, Angie; Jones, Melissa; Taylor, Liz M.; Pena, Laura R.


 

 
Cc: 



The Enron Americas Commercial Management Off-Site will be held in Beaver Creek, Colorado on Thursday, August 16 through Sunday, August 19. 

Attached is a PowerPoint presentation containing the following information: 
        Meeting Agenda (includes lodging information and contact numbers) 
        Attendee List (includes video team information) 
        Thursday corporate and charter aircraft information with passenger lists 
        Sunday corporate and charter aircraft information with passenger lists 
        Enron Aviation Map 

TRAVEL 
Please carefully review the corporate and charter aircraft information and advise me of any changes to the passenger lists.  If you are booking individual travel and have not sent your travel itinerary to me - please do so immediately.  Enron is providing ground transportation to/from Denver and Eagle/Vail.  Sunday departure notices will be distributed at the Elkhorn Lodge in Beaver Creek.

VIDEOS 
Each video team is responsible for creating and transporting their video to Beaver Creek.  Video topics must be clearly labeled on the tapes.  Upon arrival into Beaver Creek, meeting coordinators Kristen and Rich Nye will be collecting the videos for the presentation on Friday evening at SaddleRidge.

ACTIVITIES 
Everyone is strongly encouraged to participate in the daily activities.  Below is a brief description of these events. 
Friday White Water Rafting 
The rapids span approximately 2/3 of a mile and are categorized as a Level 3.  Trip will include a double shot through the rapids, followed by a river float.  Individuals, on each raft, will be urged to work together as a team to 'capture the flag' during the float.  Guides will be provided and life jackets and raincoats are available upon request.

Recommended attire:  swimsuits, shorts, t-shirts 
Saturday Mountain Biking 
Individuals will be equipped with a mountain bike (with full front and rear suspension), helmet, trail map and a day pass for the Centennial Chair Lift (4 person detachable quad).  Trails are clearly marked and are categorized in the following manner:

Green - Beginner (wide dirt road) 
Blue - Intermediate (wide dirt road) 
Black Diamond - Advanced (single track path) 
Participants are free to experience the various trails and unlimited use of the chair lift during this four hour period.  Guides will be provided for assistance and equipment maintenance.

Recommended attire:  comfortable apparel, sturdy shoes 

ATTIRE 
Casual is the recommended attire for all scheduled events, including business meetings and dinners. 

For additional information, please contact me at (713) 853-6978. 
<<01EAbeavercreekmtg.ppt>> 

  
        

Dorie Hitchcock 
Phone:  281.370.0695 
Fax:      281.370.0385 
Cell:      713.594.7093 