

I think we need to watch this.  Mark



	Alan Aronowitz
	11/09/2000 09:10 AM
		 
		 		 		 
FYI. David's role seems to be expanding at EA beyond Legal. I know Paul 
Quilkey has a lot of confidence in him.

Any thoughts, reactions?

Alan
----- Forwarded by Alan Aronowitz/HOU/ECT on 11/09/2000 09:08 AM -----


	11/02/2000 12:34 AM
		 
		 		 		 
FYI, this note is pretty self explanatory. In essence I have assumed the 
primary responsibility for co-ordinating the commercial deal flow through the 
office.  
---------------------- Forwarded by David Minns/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT on 
02/11/2000 05:31 PM ---------------------------


Paul Quilkey
17/10/2000 10:50 PM










As Enron Australia continue to develop there is a need to constantly review 
and refine operational procedures and responsibilities.

Enron's senior staff meeting on Monday has been created as the primary forum 
to discuss and promote the commercial initiatives of our entire operations.  
These meetings are mandatory for all Director and equivalent level staff 
within the organisation across all Enron companies in Australia.  The 
meetings will be held in the boardroom at 4.30PM on each Monday (or Tuesday 
in case of holiday).  Accordingly, I encourage you to avoid scheduling any 
conflicts with this timing.
The first meeting will be held on Monday 30 October.

David Minns will play a central role to the coordination of the commercial 
activities of this group.  Please supply David with a list of your group's 
major deal initiatives should you intend to be absent from this meeting.  In 
David's absence please provide me with this list should you be unable to 
attend this meeting in person or not be in a position to dial in to the 
meeting. 

In addition, Heidi Mason will assume greater responsibility for coordinating 
support resources throughout office.  All administrative staff will report to 
Heidi in addition to their current direct report.

The assumption of greater coordinating responsibility for David and Heidi is 
designed to maximise the amount of effort each Director is expending on 
direct commercial activities as well as increasing efforts to maximise 
existing resources and cross-commodity deal opportunities.

A general office email will be sent advising of this initiative.  This email 
will also incorporate explicit comment on reporting and expense obligations.  

Your cooperation in supporting this initiative is appreciated.




