

communicated today.  thanks for the reminder.


   
	
	
		



As you know, the deadline for communicating the final PRC results was Friday, 
August 11.  However, Tod Lindholm with EBS has not received the PRC results 
on Rob Brown.  I appreciate any information you can provide Tod as he is 
trying to provide feedback to his Associates and Analysts.  Please contact me 
at 3-4584 if you wish to discuss.

Thanks,
Shelly
---------------------- Forwarded by Shelly Butler/HOU/ECT on 08/10/2000 11:27 
AM ---------------------------



08/07/2000 06:54 PM






















I recently joined the Associate and Analyst Program Management Team as 
Director of Career Development.   Celeste Roberts, who handled many facets of 
the Associate and Analyst Program will now focus primarily on Recruiting.  I 
am responsible for staffing, rotation management, and performance management 
reporting directly to Charlene Jackson.   Going forward, I will partner with 
the PRC Representatives and Human Resources to work through our mid-year and 
year-end performance management process.   

There are just a few remaining tasks necessary in order to bring our mid-year 
effort to a close.  As we are getting inquiries from Supervisors, Associates 
and Analysts regarding mid year ratings, we strongly encourage you to 
communicate final ratings to the Supervisors by no later than Friday, August 
11, 2000.    As was discussed in the PRC meetings in July, Managers have been 
given until September 15 to conduct performance reviews.    If you need our 
assistance in communicating information to the Supervisors, please let me 
know and we will provide ratings where requested on your behalf.

Additionally, as we introduced a new process during our mid year review 
efforts, it is crucial that we solicit your feedback.   To assist in this 
effort, we have identified an Associate and Analyst PRC Project Team.    
Please look for an evaluation form via email in the next several weeks that 
requests feedback on how well we delivered our mid year process and how we 
might improve.  We our counting on your partnership and candid feedback.   

Once again, the Associate and Analyst Program Management Team would like to 
thank you for your involvement in the performance review process.  I can be 
reached at 713-853-7351.  My assistant is Constance Charles and she can be 
reached at 713-853-5614.  I look forward to working with each of you.





