

We do have an ISDA Agreement in place between Koch Energy Trading and ENA, 
but Anthony is correct on a number of accounts.  First, we could not put Oslo 
trades under this master.  It is a Local Currency form and could not be used 
for any non US transaction. Second, it is quite old and our forms have 
evolved since then and we would not want to replicate this form.  Lastly, it 
has the old "ERMS" style collateral annex, and we would want to use an ISDA 
Credit Support Annex on a going forward basis.  I would suggest contacting 
Matt Dawson in London Legal and Rod Nelson in London Credit and getting a new 
master based off our current form.

Tana Jones, Houston Legal




	Matthew Allan
	11/09/2000 06:43 AM
		

European Contract Management
		 
Hi Yumi,

Yes I realise the entities are going to be different if this turns out to be 
a ENA ISDA but the by already having an ISDA with the counterparty we can 
quicken the negotiation process, i.e. 'mirroring' the contract as you say, 
and having the correct entities in place. Thats what I am proposing we do. 
This is something we'll need to work with Martin on.

Thanks

Matthew




Yumi Takei
09/11/2000 12:38




Hi Matt,

I believe we may need to set up a new ISDA since ECTRIC is a different entity 
than ENA.  In the past we have mirrored an existing ENA ISDA in order to 
create one between the CP and ECTRIC.  However, I'll wait to turn in any 
requests until I hear what we already have with Koch.

Thank you,
Yumi


   
	
	
		


Management 


Hi Anthony,

Can you do me a favour and take a look into this ISDA. The traders in our 
Oslo office have done a weather deal with Koch Energy Trading Inc.  The 
counterparty mentioned they had an ISDA in place with ECTRIC. We are trading 
as ECTRIC.   But maybe the CP was confused and thought it was ECTRIC instead 
of ENA.

The trader here said she plans to do many more future trades with Koch, and 
has been asking if we can amend the ENA ISDA to cover Oslo.

If you can just confirm what you've got, whats covered etc and if possible 
send through a copy and I can liaise with Oslo and our legal dept to get them 
covered.

Thanks

Matthew
830 36840



---------------------- Forwarded by Matthew Allan/LON/ECT on 09/11/2000 10:36 
---------------------------
   


	Enron Europe
	
		



Matt,

I spoke to Matthew Dawson, and he said there is an old ISDA out there, with 
an effective & contract date of 23 May 1994 with ECT.
It was apparently negotiated in Houston, and the contact there is Tana Jones.

There is no copy here in London, but Matt said he would ask Tana, if we could 
see one.

Regards
Stephen  (Ext:34716)



   
	
	
		



Steve,

Do we have anything out there for this....should be an ISDA.

Dig out anything and everything we've got and send it through 

cheers

matt












