

 



 




Chinese Good Luck

You may not believe in this but the advice is great!
Read all the way down, you might learn something
THE FOLLOWING IS A CHINESE GOOD LUCK TANTRA TOTEM.

This tantra totem has been sent to you for good luck. It has been sent
around the world ten times so far. You will receive good luck within four
days of relaying this tantra totem.

Send copies to people you think need good luck. Don't send money as fate
has no price.

Do not keep this message. The tantra totem must leave your hands in 96
hours. You will get a very pleasant surprise. This is true, even if you are
not superstitious.

ONE. Give people more than they expect and do it cheerfully.

TWO. Marry a man/woman you love to talk to. As you get older, their
conversational skills will be as important as any other.

THREE. Don't believe all you hear, spend all you have or sleep all you
want.

FOUR. When you say, "I love you," mean it.

FIVE. When you say, "I'm sorry," look the person in the eye.

SIX. Be engaged at least six months before you get married.

SEVEN. Believe in love at first sight.

EIGHT. Never laugh at anyone's dreams. People who don't have dreams don't
have much.

NINE. Love deeply and passionately. You might get hurt but it's the only
way to live life completely.

TEN. In disagreements, fight fairly. Please No name-calling.

ELEVEN. Don't judge people by their relatives.

TWELVE.   Talk slowly but think quickly.

THIRTEEN. When someone asks you a question you don't want to answer, smile
and ask, "Why do you want to know?"

FOURTEEN. Remember that great love and great achievements involve great
risk.

FIFTEEN. Say "bless you" when you hear someone sneeze.

SIXTEEN. When you lose, don't lose the lesson.

SEVENTEEN. Remember the three R's: Respect for self; Respect for others;
Responsibility for all your actions.

EIGHTEEN. Don't let a little dispute injure a great friendship.

NINETEEN. When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to
correct it.

TWENTY. Smile when picking up the phone. The caller will hear it in your
voice.

TWENTY-ONE. Spend some time alone.

Now, here's the FUN part!  ["FUN"!!?!!]


