

March is consistent with Feb.




Shari Mao
03/31/2000 12:22 PM










As you are aware, we are starting to collect data for our March price model. 
I've attached a survey to help us collect the data that will be driving your 
costs from the activities to the commercial teams.  In the 'Data' tab, please 
select the your RCs, and fill in the driver quantity for the requested driver 
for the month of February. Please fill out the attached activity driver 
survey with March numbers for your RC by end of day Wednesday, April 5th.  If 
your group currently generates a standard report that captures the surveyed 
data, please send the report to me, and put me on your recipient list 
beginning next month.  This will eliminate your need to fill out this survey 
every month.  If you would like us to collect this information from someone 
within your team beginning next month, please let me know.  

Please take this opportunity to verify the following:
1. The driver indicates a measure for the time and effort your team spent to 
perform these activities for each commercial team.
2. The activity is spent in support of the commercial teams identified 
(please let us know otherwise)
3. If the activity is using an allocation (for example "Allocate 0469" or 
"80-20 Split"), that the percentage allocated to each commercial team has not 
changed from last month.   (Please let us know if it has changed what the new 
allocation is).

In reference to these surveys, please note:
If you are allocating only infrastructure costs to some commercial teams 
listed in the survey, please identify them.  We will take your business 
support costs (such as feedback, training, etc.) and allocate them evenly 
among these teams.
The costs for "commercial team specific" activities that you filled time out 
for in the January time survey will be directly allocated to that commercial 
team (e.g. Genco Support will trace 100% of its costs to Genco).  

Please let us know if you have any questions on this survey.  

Regards,
Shari
3-3859



